a little noise but i think that was because of our party !
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples .
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
a plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while i was there .
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
because the waiters need severe attitue adjustments .
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
we were there march 7 and found maison very nice .
we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka .
i have to agree with the previous reviewer .
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderful .
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it .
prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
one should not go to lucky strike for the food .
i 'm sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho .
they have it all -- great price , food , and service .
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
for those of you who do n't know , uni is sea urchin in japanese , which happens to be my favorite . )
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
i would go back .
again , the waitress was awesome .
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
moral stay away .
very good value
we all felt it was worth it .
the dim sum servings here are a bit larger than i 'm used to .
the anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
ca n't wait to go back .
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .
this place is a great bargain .
i 'll be back for sure .
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
the food is reliable and the price is moderate .
the service is awful -- the last time i was there ( and i do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
faan is sooo good .
try sushimi cucumber roll .
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
the service is excellent and always informative without an air .
never again !
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
however , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more !
it 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
really depends on your luck !
grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
the buffet had a nice selection .
i 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
another great thing about glechik-everything is very cheap !
on a recent saturday night , i was with a group of 5 at the bread bar .
i actually gave patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .
the service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald 's than this joint .
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
the food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , i just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
the falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
what a great place .
this place is worth an one-hour drive .
the food was so-so .
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
we live nearby bfc .
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
ok , i 've been to dumont a few times now .
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
the food was almost always excellent .
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
i definitely would n't go back .
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .
if you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
what more could you want ?
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a favorite and sweet tasting bread .
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
i have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues .
( and i have eaten my share ) which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
however , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
try the pad thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
this is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , i feel .
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for chinatown ) alternative .
this place has the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
the dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place !
the food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
of course , it is crowded but who cares .
our teenage kids love it , too .
but the pizza is way to expensive .
all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
this staff should be fired .
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
when you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .
my boyfriend and i went here last night and loved it !
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
a nice find in the neighborhood .
they have it all -- great price , food , and service .
10
i definitely will go back .
be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
the service was very attentive and very generous .
the owner truly caters to all your needs .
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
when i arrived at orsay i was thrown back , in a veyr good sense .
do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
my husband and i had a blast .
i have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
quick and friendly service .
always full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to rockefeller center ) .
not because i was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
to give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
my husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris .
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
we also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
this place is average ... at best .
go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack .
food is excellent .
do n't waste money on decor .
the setting is casual and romantic .
i like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
check this place out !
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
this should have been done in a back room - away from customers .
service was good and food is wonderful .
what is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
i am so coming back here again , as much as i can .
found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their tart of the day .
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
i really recommend the very simple unda ( egg ) rolls .
i stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
moderate prices .
i always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry - interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat .
not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
after we got our sashimi order , i could not believe how small the portions were !
from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
we will be back .
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
this little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
we left , never to return .
great food , great prices , great service .
try everything for that matter , it is all good .
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets , and joya is the best .
it was a very nice surprise .
we never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
the lunch special is an asbolute steal .
it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown .
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
i love this place !
the fried rice is really good too .
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street .
everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
besides , we were on vacation !
i reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
the food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( wow ) you 'll need no more .
the food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york .
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
i have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
it was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-i 've had better for less elsewhere !
the food was great and the service was even better .
get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
for park avenue i expected so much more .
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
the food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
service was decent , but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
the entree was also very good .
i 'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
my friends and i go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
highly recommended .
he offers subpar service and has no personality .
i loved it and will be back soon .
i 'm glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
the service was outstanding .
i mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
love the jazz bands on fri and sat .
the bagels are fabulous .
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity and quality ) .
everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky .
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
very excited to hear that short-term chef jason narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their sterling track record .
pizza and garlic knots are great as well , i order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
i 'd definitely go back again .
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
while they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
we came across this restaurant by accident while at a dumbo art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
while the food was good ( certainly no il mulino ) the service was horrendous .
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
never fails to please .
stay away from this place .
its worth the wait though .
best taiwanese food in ny !
inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
one of my fav spots in the city .
after i paid for my purchase , i noticed they had not given me utensils so i could eat my pie .
our food was great too !
if only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
a different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
as a fan of thai , i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst .
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
overall , excellent restaurant !
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate .
they 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
service - friendly and attentive .
it 's true , this place is not cheap .
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .
they are tasty , but i suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average american digestive system .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
the crab cakes are delicious and the bbq rib was perfect .
my husband and i both ordered the steak , medium .
have the iced tea .
and the food is fantastic .
i just do n't understand all the hype ...
just awsome .
they charge $ 6.00 for rice .
i came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
way below average
ess-a-bagel ( either by sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .
loved it !
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
it was wonderful .
food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
i was at rao 's last wed .
the noodle and rices dishes taste great .
it 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what i go for .
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .
try the cheesecake !
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner .
so sorry i ca n't rate this better .
everything about this restaurant was special .
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
i recomend the chicken milanese .
tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn .
i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible !
dessert is a joke ... dont bother
the food here does a great service to the name ( cantonese that is ... ) .
orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc .
i just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it 's not a cheap night out ... but it 's so worth it .
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
it 's cute and simple and i loved it .
we just ate at kai and were disapointed .
you want to have a real hot dog in brooklyn ?
the big complaint : no toasting available .
odd for ave b , not just odd , the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
more important , the sushi rivals the best in tokyo .
it is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
i went to ruby foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .
in fact , two people could really share one plate .
the price is reasonable although the service is poor .
all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
the decor is designed in a contemporary japanese style restaurant .
i 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
it took about 2-1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
one of the best
not a small feat for good french food in the area .
over all it was a very nice romantic place .
you 're going to drop some coin , but completely worth it , especially if you are looking to impress someone .
drinks way over priced .
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
i 'm telling you ...
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .
ahhh ...
the parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
i love going there !
it 's one of our favorite places to eat in ny .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slow , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
i would highly recommend it .
the place was nice and calm .
the sake menu should not be overlooked !
service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
we called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
the wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
the staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
we went to ino for valentines .
i 'll keep this short .
that 's why you have to pay more for that .
i wish i could be refunded !
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
there is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude .
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
since i was in the neighborhood , we made sure to give this a try .
it 's also attached to angel 's share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
ess-a-bagel ( either by sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .
i 've been to sotto voce several time , and i have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time !
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
price no more than a jersey deli but way better .
i will be back !
a must try !
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
i often find myself with time to kill in times square , which is a shame since i do n't love this area .
the food - not worth the price .
if you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed jazz on certain nights .
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .
my main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but i would be lying is i said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen i was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
it 's also attached to angel 's share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective .
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix special , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny -- i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a $ $ this is the place to be !!
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , " can i help you " and " how many are in your party . "
from the moment you walk in , you feel like you 're in the perfect place .
we refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
the food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second !
the staff is no nonsense .
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx .
frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
the frizzy retro girl ( with winged / dame edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
i loved it and would highly recommend .
even my indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
great hot dogs . .
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
tiny restaurant with very fast service .
really , i find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two .
after the review i treked into brooklyn .
for those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all i can say is that they just do n't get it .
but make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
at 6:30 , we were the third party there .
the other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if i could of licked the plate clean i would of .
the ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
kudos to po !
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead .
i do n't remember what we had ; nothing was memorable .
i 've been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i 've never been disappointed .
drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
fantastic !
the food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
i 've had better chicken at bbqs !!!!
we were less than impressed .
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed .
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
i recommend any of their salmon dishes ......
the lasagna was probably the best i have tasted .
maybe tomorrow ; - )
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
owner is pleasant and entertaining .
and the tom kha soup was pathetic .
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
this is where the aforementioned line was .
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
even my indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
my mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .
the waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but i 've never been dealt with rudely .
i went with jwils .
i lived on 50th st , and wanted indian one day so decided to check this place out .
it was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
horrible .
i will be returning .
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
i have never had anything like it !
my friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
i 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
i like mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
i ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city , the food was not what i had hoped for .
everyone i bring here always loves it .
still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
just wish they 'd expand .
service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
less wait time for me !
leave the kids at home !
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
the potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
the only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
everything at sala thai is tasty and well-portioned .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
this is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
i am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places i have tried with higher ratings .
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .
a glass of leaping lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
i 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and i always enjoy myself .
always great service !
please be aware that it 's cash or amex only !
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
if presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
service not the friendliest to our " large party " !
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
try green curry with vegetables .
i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
i have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews i got take out last week .
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner .
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
amma has the worst value for money i have experienced in nyc over the past 2 years .
the food was just ok , i would never go back .
here 's the thing , you 're in the best city in the world for restaurants .
try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
you ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown .
great food
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
finally a reliable chinese restaurant !
no plans to return anytime soon .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
great sushi experience .
malted milk ball gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
the staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
but that is highly forgivable .
so so so so so good !
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants .
do n't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review .
guacamole shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
for asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
i noted it was crossed off on the bill .
i heartily recommend .
the food now is inconsistent .
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
we asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
my friends and i have been going here regularly for two years .
not enough wines by the glass either .
what a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
i went there with a few friends and will return .
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
the ' kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
we shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi .
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
we 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
when i 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , i head for cafe st. bart 's .
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
bukhara is on my top 5 indian places in nyc
romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .
so , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
they have waiters on the sidewalk trying to pull you in which made us suspicious .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area .
we 'd go back again
the pastas were pretty good .
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .
el nidos one of the best restaurants in new york which i 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
they do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
prices are in line .
frankly , the chinese food here is something i can make better at home .
service was quick .
horrible food and horrible service .
please take my advice , go and try this place .
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
and as soon as one person is done , she asked to pick up the plate immediately .
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
i 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
hopefully next time , i will save room for dessert .
this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues .
somewhat pricey but what the heck .
we usually go to the chart house to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
and , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
the owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
i can understand the prices if it served better food , like some chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
seriously , this place kicks ass .
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be .
good experience
rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .
i recommend ordering in on a weeknight .
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
i have eaten at some of the ' best ' sushi joints in nyc ( nobu , bond street , jewelbako , etc ) and yamato is my favorite .
will prob . not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once .
they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
bay terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
p.s. please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .
i will never return .
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
the selection of food is excellent ( i 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
no you 're going to go back because the food was good .
i would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach , the shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
it does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
paul , the maitre d' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all .
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
we did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem .
this is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
when i called this morning , i did n't think i would be able to get in at 12 , but i was able to get in , along with four other guests .
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
we were exploring grand central and did n't want to eat in the food court .
great find !!!
no , really .
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i 'd drink popcorn topping before i 'd eat another one of these .
open late ( well as late as i ever got there and i 'm a night person )
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
okay service .
were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished .
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
loved it !
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
if you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
went here last night and had a pleasant experience .
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
the floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
we thought the dessert would be better , wrong !
the photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look .
the all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
and i hate to say this but i doubt i 'll ever go back .
i am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto - yum ! ) .
chef waldy 's always measures up .
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
from the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
i had filet mignon with garlic mash .
the banana pudding they serve has never seen an oven , the crabcakes are way over salted and do n't get me started on the very greasy mac and cheese .
i have to agree with the previous reviewer .
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
i care more about the food and ambience .
every time i visit nyc , i come here .
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew ; salads - all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
highly recommended !
also , i personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
if you ’re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
to the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
our friends have not arrived yet .
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
service was very good and warm .
the place is beautiful !
oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
small , bright , and clean , bz grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in astoria and out .
ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n't like being cramp in a corner .
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
it ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef .
this place was the worst .
once for dinner and once for brunch .
i absolutely suggest this place .
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine .
for all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to alphabet city , i say , good - stay out .
the quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
definitely highly not recommended .
the wine the service was very good too .
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
esp . during happy hour !
this restaurant was recommended by a local ... as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
i thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to chinatown .
since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
great neighborhood joint .
service was slow , but the people were friendly .
a big disappointment , all around .
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all great beer !
not only is the food
the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
murray wo n't do it .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
skip dessert .
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x .
get over it !
the decor is very simple but comfortable .
oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
save room for the desserts ! ; - )
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
the room is a little plain , but it 's difficult to make such a small place exciting and i would not suggest that as a reason not to go .
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
went there for an office lunch .
decor is charming .
the food was wonderful and imaginative .
it is definitely special and affordable .
but that is highly forgivable .
ca n’t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
i would highly recommend nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
after we ate our appetizers ( which took all of 8 minutes ) we ordered another round of brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
plus , on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane .
while this is a pretty place in that overly cute french way , the food was insultingly horrible .
and i 've been to many nyc delis .
i wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
i have been twice to this restaurant .
just ignore the trendy wannabes .
service was slow , but the people were friendly .
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .
none was made so i hung up .
our teenage kids love it , too .
definitely a neighborhood favorite .
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
you would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
would never go back there .
note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
the menu is prix fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is well worth it superb food .
never again !
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
unbelievable .
this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery - a wasteland we like to call the sliv .
i 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
i 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
at $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
if you 're looking to taste some great indian food and want good service , definitely visit curry leaf .
this place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
i hate this .
while their kitchen food is delicious , their sushi is out of this world .
decent wine at reasonable prices .
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .
give it a try , menu is typical french but varied .
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz 's deli down on the lower east side .
my chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , westernized japanese dishes such as foie gras unagi napolean , jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
i stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway .
fish was overdone .
this place was reccomended to me by a friend .
$ 500 included :
my boyfriend and i were in ny for a few days and pastis was a place that came recommended .
enough said !
last time i went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
but , they were too big for the bun .
i know real indian food and this was n't it .
the pizza is good though .
is just the way it was in days gone by .
food is great and inexpensive .
prices are very good .
stay away if you 're claustrophobic
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .
best restaurant in brooklyn
service is great , takeout is good too .
for an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read .
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
walk-ins are risky too .
located at the end of a magnificent block .
good food at the right price , what more can you ask for .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
but on a lazy saturday night , we ended up going .
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
this is a true gem of the village .
reliable , fresh sushi
finally !
if you 're craving for haru 's great food , especially the house roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their sake bar !
not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
again , if you are in this neighborhood - by all means , come here .
they have authentic indian at amazin prices .
slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
over 100 different choices to create your own .
food and service was okay .
huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
it was well worth the wait .
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
this place is not worth the prices .
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
there was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
it is expensive but well worth the money .
we did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
a word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-d 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
great pizza and fantastic service .
the place does get crowded , so i recommend going between 4-5 pm .
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
great value for the quality ingredients .
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
i 've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times , when i have been in the neighborhood .
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , i do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
decent wine at reasonable prices .
the noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
i went there 2times .
for a fabulous wedding !
i go twice a month !
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
would not return for the amount we paid .
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
however , i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .
i felt as though i were eating in paris .
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
the wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here .
the atmosphere is much better than sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
if you go here , do it on his off-night .
great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great .
much more reasonably priced too !
the turkey burgers are scary !
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
i was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
you 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ...
good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
my girlfiends and i ate at o.g. again last night .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , i felt there was more than enough food .
they have an excellent selection ( the rolls with crab are really great ) .
considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , i expect better service .
yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
thanks bloom 's for a lovely trip .
but trust me it is so worth it .
drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
i 'm sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho .
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out .
the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
we had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
worth the trip from manhattan .
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
the decor is very simple but comfortable .
maitre-d - " eat and get out "
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu .
the thai food is good .
the only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
i was n't here for the pizza so i ca n't comment on that yet but what i had was very good .
i am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
my husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place ( the first being joya ) .
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
after a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
it is what modern cuisine is all about .
i have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews i got take out last week .
not a great place for family or general dining .
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .
i was n't impressed and it was n't spicey ????
if you ' re in new york , you do not want to miss this place .
we went around 9:30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
okay , so i never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning green bo and it 's time to speak up - i live in chinatown .
the perfect spot .
nha trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
a great addition to smith street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing ugg boots .
just go and see for yourself .
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
just bring someone who speaks cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
i used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it .
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon , which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.
i have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
need i say more ?
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .
i really liked this place .
it 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens .
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
me and my girls will definitely go back .
highly recommended .
we were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
beef noodle soup is good as well .
if you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
the food was good too .
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
authentic shanghai style and i can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york .
the service is prompt friendly .
only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
i 'm a friendly person , so i would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
we were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor .
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location .
the fried dumplings are great !
good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
the new york times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
and forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
this is the best italian restaurant in the city .
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there .
my goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
no pizza 33 for me !
i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
i highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
the place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
overall , excellent restaurant !
there is no excuse for such lousy service !
to top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
we were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
molto bene !
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
good food
if you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices .
do not get the go go hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
my boyfriend and i are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended flatbush farms .
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .
the place was quiet and delightful .
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
dessert was also to die for !
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
the fried dumplings are great !
we were a group of 8 and well seved .
wont come back again for sure !
price no more than a jersey deli but way better .
i went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
great shabu shabu
my gf and i dine at bukhara often as she lives near it .
my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
it is also extremely well priced .
service here was great , food was fantastic .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , i mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
i got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
her review is above .
my six year old loved it .
the food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
the pad thai is excellent here , as well .
prices are very good .
this is a nice sushi restaurant in brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
it is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in bay ridge .
pricey , but worth a try , at least once .
i love their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
in reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
the food is terrible and overall , i would have to say avoid at all costs .
would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait , when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes , the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for ?
taxan delicious !
although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
the service is awful .
i had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
the best pad thai i 've ever had .
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
hurley 's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came .
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
fresh restaurant was amazing ....... . food was delicious and of course fresh .
i would not recommend meet at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
the restaurant has a family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before , and toons is by far the best thai food ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
the hot dogs are top notch , and they 're slamwich is amazing !
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
i ordered from here last week .
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
this lovely french-asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on smith street .
the portions are very large and the service is fantastic !!
i go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !
i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
my husband and i ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com ,
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .
also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
service was excellent , and the ac worked very well too ( thank god , it was hot ! ) .
price is high but the food is good , so i would come back again .
i did n't complain , i liked the atmosphere so much .
go for it !
frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
we waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
we picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
restaurant with a view
i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday .
too many other good places to have to settle .
definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
authentic pakistani food .
going to ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
and the food , well the food will keep you coming back .
great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
i did n't expect to like nosh as much as i did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly , the soups are like mom 's , and the knishes give yonah schimmel 's a run for its money .
i will have to say , this bengali fast food joint is clearly my favorite .
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
the icing made this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
the main draw of this place is the price .
i would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not that great .
in fact there is only one i 've tried that even compares ( shabu tatsu ) and even then i prefer dokebi .
this is the first place i 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
the atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
food - awesome .
overpriced and not tasty
the food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place i would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for dim sum again .
everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
would definitely visit again .
after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood - i 've found little toninos .
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
they have some great entrees here as well .
my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
this is the best thing in soho .
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
i had roast chicken and a salad .
this place does n't compare with mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
beautiful experience .
you wo n't find that anywhere in manhattan .
trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
the food and service were fine , however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
great indian food !
first of all dal bukhara rocks .
but overall i give it a 10
and the bill was outragous .
the chicken dinner was real good .
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
unhygienic
they kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
and it was quick which is very important .
nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at amma are just too obvious .
took my mom for mother 's day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
eat at your own risk .
service was very friendly .
i consider the best grand sichuan restaurant in nyc .
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
of course , it is crowded but who cares .
it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if i call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so i would n't have to look for parking ) .
a guaranteeed delight !
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
i 've waited over one hour for food .
everyone was more then happy with his choices .
my picks are : - scallion pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - guizhou chicken - shredded squid family style ( one of my personal favorites ) - sichuan spicy soft shell crab - shuizhu fish ( this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans , i would n't recommend to my american friends as it 's very spicy .
at first i was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of nyc .
i 'm going back .
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
hats off to the chef .
everything i had was good , and i 'm a eater .
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
everything i had was good , and i 'm a eater .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
this is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
it was pretty inexpensive too .
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is # 1 .
anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
the sauces used are also not that exciting .
the service was attentive .
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful .
i 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
go here .
our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
was n't going to share but i feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
an excellent service
there 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
food portion was small and below average .
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
my friend is 100 % right in the experience we had .
there was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because i have never had anything but a perfect experience at yasuda .
i 've been living in the columbia university area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .
just do n't do it .
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
my fiance and i recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise .
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
i 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby ( i live on uws ) .
it costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
this place is always packed .
people are always friendly .
if it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which i recommend jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing roast chicken , go to village !
i love this place !
all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
the burger was great , also .
the ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe 's .
but the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
i can not recommend og more highly if i tried - check it out for yourself .
the chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
they have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but i thought a bit overpriced .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
the service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
wonderful !
the staff is unbelievably friendly , and i dream about their saag gosht ... so good .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
we had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
for two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
the service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
i love ess-a-bagel , but i live on the west side , so i often go to murray 's for convenience .
while it was large and a bit noisy , the drinks were fantastic , and the food was superb .
my roommate and i love this place .
we ate outside at haru 's sake bar because haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles ' heel .
the deco and ambiance was really romantic .
what ?
i 've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times , when i have been in the neighborhood .
the food was good .
acceptable prices .
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8 pm .
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
the atmosphere is n't the greatest , but i suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
their margarita is best i 've had since i 've returned from naples !
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
my co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
it is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
the establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it !
i 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
this was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
will never be back .
it 's very spicy but not offensive .
we started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
we been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
the food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
please do n't fool us .
went to village last night for my birthday .
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
sure , the setting is nice .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
buon appetito !
we love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
it was such a fantastic dining experience , that i returned again the same week .
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
wow over 100 beers to choose from .
the sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but i did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
it 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
all the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
awesome
i do n't get it , what 's so special about prune ?
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine !
so , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
i discovered applebees when i went away to college in va .
appetizers took nearly an hour .
good food good wine that 's it .
result ( red velvet ) : great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
for all of you new to indian food , try the paneer roll , it is a piece of heaven .
it 's delicious !
we got most of it back at home with us .
satisfying .
however , it 's not worth a special trip .
i would highly recommend .
i am french and i really felt like home !!!
i have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
everything about this restaurant was special .
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
i 've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .
service is average .
for someone who used to hate indian food , baluchi 's has changed my mid .
raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then nick and joe 's may not be your favorite .
this was my frist time at cafe st. bart 's and i must say how delicious the food and the service was .
always fresh and delicious .
speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
if you 're lucky and there 's not a private party going on back there , you 'll get a chance to really chill out .
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at jimmy 's .
expensive
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .
i think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
i will definetly be going back .
baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
nice family owned traditional restaurant .
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had ( i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
my friend had a burger and i had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
the food was authentic .
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity and quality ) .
service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night .
the only drawback is that it 's a little pricey .
top spot in town for vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
if you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
the food is great .
i recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
i 've eaten at many different indian restaurants .
and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
skip baroanda down the street ( eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
tends to turn people away .
i recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
when we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
while their kitchen food is delicious , their sushi is out of this world .
i would highly recommend this place !
best italian food i ever had ( and being italian , that means alot ) .
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !
maybe it was the great company ( i had friends visiting from philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but i just ca n’t say enough good things about this brasserie .
the foie gras was sweet and luscious .
culinaria is a welcome addition to the garment district - far better than any restaurant in the area .
the pizza was pretty good and huge .
we were then shooed inside .
i recommend this place to everyone .
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .
hey , i think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
the halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
after reading the posts , i was always skeptical to go to the minnow , despite living in park slope .
i also ordered the change mojito , which was out of this world .
i only have friends .
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
i just do not understand what the fuss is all about .
oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
great find in the west village !
for great chinese food nearby , you have wu liang ye and grand sichuan just a block away .
you will be very happy with the experience .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls .
i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful !
saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
although the restaurant itself is nice , i prefer not to go for the food .
its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car ( i happen to live in inwood ) .
i am so coming back here again , as much as i can .
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
the bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
i grew up on these bagels .
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people .
the wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
stay far away from this place .
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
good cake but : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food , and french service as well .
and its absolutely delicious .
i 've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .
ask for the round corner table next to the large window .
their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
we had the most wonderful waitress .
one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown .
bravo , blue hill !
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
the food was great .
the food was authentic .
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week 's notice .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
probably would not go back here .
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .
also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
i think the stuff was better than disney .
food is great and inexpensive .
they have authentic indian at amazin prices .
beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
we 've been following chef lyle 's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
it is terrific , as is the value .
the food is consistently wonderful - i 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
they have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
. the best i 've found outside of the chinatown masters .
be aware .
try the peanut butter sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
the entire dining experience was wonderful !
the worst excuse for japanese food i 've ever encountered .
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
but dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot .
but still my date was bad
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
it 's a great find in astoria .
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
my husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
go here for the drinks !
old school meets new world .
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
definitely will be back !
but for the shabu shabu , you wo n't find much better in ny .
i always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu .
be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .
guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
the ceiling is amazing !
quite simply it 's like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
as a student in nyu i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by .
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
however , i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
they make the best pizza in new jersey .
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
the family seafood entree was very good .
highly highly highly recommended !
sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
we will be back .
skip dessert .
i 've never been treated so rudely .
the staff is also attentive and friendly .
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the west village sushi restaurants .
salads were fantastic .
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
great pizza and fantastic service .
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
two words : free wine .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
i have never been disappointed in the red eye .
last tuesday for a late lunch with a friend .
could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
this place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
the waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
this is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but i 've experienced the same with other restaurants so i do n't appreciate such practice .
staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
it 's all about the food !!
the sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
the food at this place is ' gourmet ' indian cuisine .
i 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
less wait time for me !
go to any corned indian restaurant , and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme !
good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
the problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair .
consistently good japanese tapas .
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
i 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
it was a very warm experience .
largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
really .
so , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , i would say try it .
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town .
the big complaint : no toasting available .
but , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria .
it is expensive but well worth the money .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , yuck .
it 's just o.k. pizza .
bring your date and a bottle of wine !
seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .
their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for purple haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
i hate hate hate this place .
my favs here are the tacos pastor and the tostada de tinga ...
the restaurant is cute but not upscale .
best indian restaurant in the city
you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
my suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
great wine , great food .
feels like family when we go there .
its located in greenewich village .
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde .
one less manhattanite the better .
it was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ....
we 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
for all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to alphabet city , i say , good - stay out .
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices ...
quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried .
such a disappointment ...
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
i 've been here twice now .
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
from the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
will absolutely visit again .
the food portions are really large .
the food is amazing ... especially if you get the chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
the food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
yes , it is good , but i 've had better for cheaper .
great hot dogs !
but the staff was so horrible to us .
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
fine dining restaurant quality .
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food .
they were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .
try the lasagnette appetizer .
the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad .
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
the food was very good , but not very thai .
the atmosphere is attractive , but a little uncomfortable .
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
i have eaten a lot of pizza here .
there are other people waiting !
have been several times and it never dissapoints .
it 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
the prices are not terrible .
delish and made to your liking !
village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
i look forward to eating here again
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
it 's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book .
i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst .
they do cater to american palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
we went to ino for valentines .
the pizza was great .
vanison was good but not amazing .
this was on a tuesday night .
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning !
i 'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .
give it a try and enjoy .
just stick with the small dishes !
another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
we were less than impressed .
i generally like this place .
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
as a fan of thai , i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst .
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
the food is good , i ca n't lie .
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
i do n't think i would go again .
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
the pizza was pretty good and huge .
the only thing i could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .
this restaurant used to be pretty decent .
the neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .
ca n't wait to go back .
try the homemade breads .
the lox is always fresh too .
i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return .
i was very disappointed with this restaurant .
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city .
they forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
sapphire is the only indian restaurant i go to when i 'm in nyc .
i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as i love la pizza fresca ) .
and there 's no way out .
if only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .
all in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
it 's really a takeaway place , i would n't sit if i could take it home .
also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
the music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
the homemade guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .
perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating .
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit .
best reuben sandwich ever !
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
the crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
the sides were ok and incredibly salty .
dessert : pure disaster .
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .
what a great place !
the worst though was the taste .
i 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i 'm craving for pho , lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice , this is the place to go .
all the staff is absolutely professional !!
i though it was expensive and i prefer bella via just blocks away by far .
one would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
the anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in america ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
too cold to enjoy .
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
beef noodle soup is good as well .
and i could do without the cigar smoke .
to my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
i must give it yon out of yon stars !
we were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
they 're are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing , queens .
at 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
this place is worth an one-hour drive .
but the pizza is way to expensive .
a million better places to go in the city .
to begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
we left , never to return .
i have n't been to the other locations .
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant .
nevertheless , i finished my plate , and that 's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
i highly recommend this beautiful place .
i love this place more and more everytime i go .
when my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more ) i ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget if you never go , you 'll miss a meal of your life time
by the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
i would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .
too bad latin quarters closed .
the combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in ny .
go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ...
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .
my daughter and i left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
it took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
perhaps this food is considered extreme to an upper east side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
the service was attentive , yet discreet .
normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly .
overall , this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time i have been .
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
there is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude .
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there .
skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
when we sat , we got great and fast service .
conveniently located too , being right on bedford ave.
my wife and i visited dokebi tonight .
good food .
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
the staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful !
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
the menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .
maggot in the food !
tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly i might add ) .
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
i 've eaten at all three locations and i always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
it 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten .
another great place to take out-of-towners !
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
i went for restaurant week .
bottom line : b + for the food , f for the service .
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place .
i ca n't imagine how much worse it would have been if we 'd gone at a prime time !
you feel like you made it to new york when you eat here .
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll .
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .
this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
lol
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i 've ever had ) .
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic .
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york .
and the food was fantastic .
i love their thai
i 've had better japanese food at a mall food court .
inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
very affordable and excellent ambient !
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !
however , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
all i can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
i am happy i did the food was awsome .
the pickles were great addition .
the lamb meat was under-cooked and extrmely chewy .
go girls !!!
in summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) !!!
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
i had a late dinner at lucky stike , a great name for a joint if ever i saw one .
too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .
i 've always been seated propmtly .
took my mom for mother 's day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
a one women show !
the wine list is excellent .
they do n't walk around with the trays of dim sum .
i had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
they all know you .
all in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent .
for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
they are located in the middle of chinatown !
and even with it 's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
avoid at all costs .
was there friday night .
wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
it 's always quiet because it 's awful .
the nakgi-bokum was horrible .
i have been to mary 's many times and i like it .
as bfc does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
i 'll keep this short .
they also do a great job for restaurant week .
the restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout , but service terrible .
hats off to the chef .
skip nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to bark .
go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
not a great place for family or general dining .
however , it is jus too good to not praise it .
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
it 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
i have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
however , it is jus too good to not praise it .
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , i ca n't wait !
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
great wine list and great cocktail menu .
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars .
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
delicious crab cakes too .
there is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .
but do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2-1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( i recommend the vanilla shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu .
this is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business !
everything on the menu is great .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
good bagels and good cream cheese .
we had reservations at 9 pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
i thought this place was totally overrated .
pizza was a little soggy .
it costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
i plan on eating here more often .
the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .
best spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
la rosa waltzes in , and i think they are doing it the best .
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
i would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
he offers subpar service and has no personality .
i really liked this place .
the mussles were the fishiest things i 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne chicken had bones in it ... it was disgusting .
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
amazing !
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded .
yum , the chicken is great here .
what 's the difference between the two ?
we had great desserts ( including the best cannoli i 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
they have homemade pastas of all kinds -- i recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
if you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
great survice
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .
the atmosphere is great !!!
highly recommended for a first date .
very good breads as well .
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
it was good , but was not what i thought it would be .
there are no negatives to speak of .
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
in the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .
great food at reasonable prices .
old school meets new world .
be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions .
i also recommend the garlic knots .
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .
try it !
( besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected .
the food was excellent - authentic italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
" the menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as " vegetarians .
we love th pink pony .
the food there are sastifying .
when you want a piece of beef , head on over .
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .
delicious .
good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays .
waitstaff are very friendly .
this place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in nyc ( and i 'm indian , so i should know ) .
we will be back .
best in all of nyc
it 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
great , original taste .
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
the food now is inconsistent .
all the food was hot tasty .
i was pleasantly suprised .
we paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
my bf and i go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
growing up in ny , i have eaten my share of bagels .
two people in our party felt like something else , and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
open late ( well as late as i ever got there and i 'm a night person )
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
the prices are wonderfully low .
i know because i live nearby .
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
however , our main course was wonderful .
service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
the avocado salad is a personal fave .
enjoy !!!
no green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .
service - friendly and attentive .
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine 's dinner .
the food is good , the teriyaki i recommend .
plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
my vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
i love their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
taking hot dogs to the next level
this place is great .
it 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .
regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
the chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good , however .
my entire family was horrified .
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .
always great service !
while the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i ca n't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
the best pad thai i 've ever had .
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
the all-italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
came looking for this place because i heard good things .
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .
if you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
they have very quick service which is great when you do n't have much time .
and really large portions .
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
i 'm from england , and haru 's was the best i had in nyc .
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - result - we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl .
love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .
the food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
the sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
the service was quick and friendly .
had a great experience at trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - i would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
wo n't or ca n't is not in the service directory .
our server was very helpful and friendly .
delivery is fast too .
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
the service is great , my soup always arrives nice and hot .
while i 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !
stick to the gulab jamun .
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
one of my favorites though was the angry lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
one of the best , if not the best , restaurants in park slope ( and ny in general )
we 'd go back again
the bar drinks were eh , ok to say the least .
the food was just ok , at least for what food was available .
yes , i ate the food , but i certainly would not have if i had seen the maggot before eating , and i was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
starters : kobe beef sashimi .
and kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across .
went inside and i started to get excited .
the staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
i am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
the location is perfect .
i will not be coming here at 3 am again .
behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the si mall .
but warning : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
it 's simply the best meal in nyc .
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a thursday evening .
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
i ca n't stand this dungeon .
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
it was good , but none of the flavors wow .
love al di la
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
while the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
for meetball night .
this was one of the best restaurants i 've ever been to .
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .
big wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
the portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
overall i would recommend it and go back again .
they outshine hh .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
i would highly recommend it .
great food , great lay out and awesome service .
great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
i go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
i 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i 'm eating indian cuisine .
they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks and their pita bread !
ruth , mother of the bride
from the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
the atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark .
there was no ambiance .
it 's to die for !
the staff is very good .
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens , this is among the best .
on our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
good for dates or with friends .
just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
when he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
despite the untasteful previous review ...
interior was so so .
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
innovations are just as assured , from the simple carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
i will definetly be going back .
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .
weekends can get crowded , but still highly recommended .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
it 's delicious !
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner .
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll . . .
everyone was more then happy with his choices .
ciao bella
this place is so much fun .
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
similar to other indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
consistently good japanese tapas .
service is top notch .
i have been to roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
the food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
the waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
no refills on fountain drinks , though .
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate frosty .
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee rice porridge .
the food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
joe 's pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .
bravissimo !!
i 'm going back .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
the food is authentic italian - delicious !
highly recommended to all !
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 10:15 .
i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
i 've eaten at pizza gruppo a few times , but more often i order delivery .
another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese .
great indian food
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
try sushimi cucumber roll .
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
i 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
not pretentious and very economical .
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
fantastic place .
wretched and retching
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
we visit at least once a month .
saturday , nov. 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
great indian food and the service is incredible .
good creative rolls !
i ca n't wait to go back .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
i was highly disappointed by their service and food .
now at the top of our list , del frisco 's steakhouse .
but now that it 's under new ownership and has been renovated , it looks great .
it is the best hidden spot there and i rave about it to everyone .
i was a little leary about mary 's at first - it 's small , crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but i 'm glad i finally tried it .
the appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick i also love .
avoid this place !
everyone must come here at least once .
my friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
i know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .
i 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i 've been going .
for the quality of food , a little too expensive .
for those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all i can say is that they just do n't get it .
i love it .
my wife i lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the ues .
it 's constantly open , catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
the food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
i just do n't understand all the hype ...
trust me .
we all ordered different entrees so we could share .
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
you must try the shrimp appetizers .
from an english speaking staff .
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
i never had anything i did n't like here .
highly recommended .
i find that most kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best i 've eaten so far .
they never came back to refill our glasses again .
i got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago , i was in your upstrairs dining area .
offerings like hot cakes and the egg mcmuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
bison was quite excellent however .
they seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
i 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
after complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
to sum it up : service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average ok .
half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
my boyfriend asked me if i wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that i could enjoy the white meat .
it 's traditional , simple italian food .
we ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk .
it can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
this was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
the flavors robust and subtle .
do n't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
while the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , i have never experienced more incompetency .
their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , yuck .
i thought this place was totally overrated .
i 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
the steak melted in my mouth .
i am going to the mid town location next .
we replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
if you like seafood and/or greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things .
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .
if you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
really though , where 's the seasoning ?
most importantly , food is excellent .
my party had the bbe fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
katz 's has been a nyc original for over 100 years .
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
i 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
in fact , you ca n't miss it .
my wife and i recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
the service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
i have been to rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
it 's to die for !
my date and i both ordered the branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .
i do n't like indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .
coming from boston this place is like emma 's pizza in kendall square in cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
why do people rave about the ambience .
it is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up .
the ambiance was pretty cool , but not worth the hassle .
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
mmmmm ... it was delicious .
the bread is top notch as well .
the prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
how have i never been to agave before ?
the pizza and wine were excellent - the service too -- but what really made this place was the backyard dining area .
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of mott street just south of canal .
i could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
believe me , they live up to the name .
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
if you like sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try yokocho .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
you should pass on the calamari .
i am bringing my whole family back next time .
i 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : a new jazz bar , the most fantastic dining garden , the best thin crust pizzas , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
you will not be disapointed at all .
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
as i made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
i was pleasently surprised at the taste .
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
have always had a great time here .
one of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
what more can you ask for ?
either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
the service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
the food was just awful , atrocious actually .
service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , i 'm willing to overlook it .
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
the service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and i would not recommend bringing a date here either .
try the green curry !!!
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .
i 've been to joya twice and i will never go again .
the whole experience was satisfying .
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking .
we were pleasantly surprised .
would not go back .
service was among the best i have ever had in nyc .
i read about this place in time out magazine .
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
the food options rule .
a defitely must visit .
great staff .
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i 've had .
katz 's deli is a great ny experience .
i went here in the afternoon with a friend .
the lox is always fresh too .
( la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico ) .
you ca n't go wrong here .
food was ok - fish was cooked well .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
the absolute worst service i 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
my friends spoke so much about it for months , i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
it was delicious and large !
the food is great and reasonably priced .
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
i have been in nyc for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the hudson .
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
finally a reliable chinese restaurant !
the wine list is extensive and impressive .
fine dining restaurant quality .
if you live in upper manhattan , siam square is the place for thia food .
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .
not impressed with the food .
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $ 35 menu .
this was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but i thought that was what made the place so special .
highly recommended !!!!!
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love artisanal !
good drink .
go inside and you wo n't want to leave .
one of the best chicken tikka masala .
the omlette for brunch is great ...
a wonderful place !
ask for usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
in any event , this is a place i 'll be sure to stop by again when i 'm in this part of town .
so close , but not good enough .
do not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in new york pizza restaurants ) .
well worth the trip , close to city hall and downtown subway stops .
the food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
i could n't reccommend their godmother pizza any higher .
and these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
i am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .
good food .
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
when i saw that their website had a link to da ciro in napoli , i knew there was going to be good pizza !
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
tasty but expensive .
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently .
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
just awsome .
fantastic place .
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
jimmy is dominican !
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
i asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
i 've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst .
no free drink .
every time i have a special occasion with my boyfriend i have a hard time going anywhere else .
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
a con was the slow bar service .
way too much money for such a terrible meal .
ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
the atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
keep up the good work guys !
we all felt it was worth it .
i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
conveniently located too , being right on bedford ave.
all conveniently delivered right to the door .
it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
i would recommend jewel bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
it 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
guess the 555soul ads did n't launch her big modeling career .
the food is authentic italian - delicious !
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
why ?
this restaurant was way overhyped .
recommendations , of course , are required !
i came across village underground by accident , now i go there all the time .
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village , and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , i have been hesitant to be disloyal .
well , this place is so ghetto its not even funny .
best indian chinese in the city , by far !
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
on that scale , it 's a world-beater .
this place is not worth the prices .
excellent food for great prices
the service was ok .
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...
so , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ...
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .
this place is the most japanese it can ever get .
it is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
the food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
there 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
delicious , creative and fun .
i was so stunned , and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .
great food .
so eat fast and order a lot .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was initially fine .
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
however , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
good , fast service .
fish is so very fresh .
also they were $ 15 each !
on the recommendation of a friend , i checked out arezzo with my wife .
also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
try the pad thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
the food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
he takes real pride in his food and his business .
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .
seriously , this place kicks ass .
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
dishes denoted as " roy 's classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
i work near-by , and they have the best oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
the food is great and authentic .
the design and atmosphere is just as good .
decent wine selection too .
all of the apetizers are good and the sangria is very good .
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
i 've waited over one hour for food .
have the iced tea .
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
indoor was very cozy and cute .
it is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's nyc !
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
i highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
the location is perfect .
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
we were charged full price .
check out the secret back room .
i have to say the place was awesome .
thr at moshphere is compact , modern , yet cozy .
i 'm saving up for my next visit .
quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried .
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
this place is so much fun .
as a japanese native , i 've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .
service was also very good .
it 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it !!!
great experience overall .
once for dinner and once for brunch .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
while the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything i 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
we ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
even though i made the reservation at 3 pm for the same night through dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
make sure you try this place as often as you can .
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
awesome
a little noise but i think that was because of our party !
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the " free " appetizer of olives was disappointing .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
the owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable .
a restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
this is , by far , my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often !
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .
the sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
be careful before you request extra spice .
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
the food is very good , but not outstanding .
i live a block away and go to patsy 's frequently .
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
however , service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had .
went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
overall , worht every penny .
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .
great food , good wine and an excellent host .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
best dining experience in the west village !
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
i really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
heartland brewery is by far one of the best places in nyc to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
apparently , the good cook works then .
great food , great decor , great service .
the skillfully chosen portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect iberian ending .
this restaurant is such a great place .
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
the pizza was really good .
the wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
the staff has always been attentive and kind , and i 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
the food was good overall .
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
the service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
the food was good too .
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
we 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
the flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
i take all my nyc guests to vt 's .
i 've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
first of all dal bukhara rocks .
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
too bad i had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
the well mannered , pleasant staff that tony has in his employ .
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
food was luke warm .
we always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
we had half half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
we went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
for being number 1 , this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation .
glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
this place survives on reputation alone .
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i 've tried similar dishes at .
i 'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud .
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
i 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !
none of that yucky whipped stuff .
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .
definitely a neighborhood favorite .
my husband and i take out from here 3-4 times a month .
be sure to try the smoked trout ... lamb chops , veal chops , rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
we were 10 people celebrtating a birthday , we sat in the tent .
sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
overall the food quality was pretty good , though i hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
it is not consistent .
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
we started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
unfortunately , the food was not something to get worked up about .
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing ... their pizza .
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
however , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked perrrrrrrrrfect .
slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
wo n't or ca n't is not in the service directory .
the food is good .
located at the end of a magnificent block .
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i 've had .
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
but $ 1 for each small piece ???
we will go back every time we are in the city .
a nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
we actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .
you 'll pay at least double at any other italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
they bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( i tried them all ) .
i decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines .
the food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
food was okay , nothing great .
i live nearby and when they first opened , i ate there a lot .
great food !
after reading the great reviews , i invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at taste .
you are treated just like royality .
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
the ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
we were very disappointed .
( the sashimi is cut a little thinly .
the food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
i ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it !
without the wait or attitude , i would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , steven and frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date .
service is average .
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
no more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
the place was quiet and delightful .
then , get ripped on free box wine .
i really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
i got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
the sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
i think this a a wonderful place .
we would return to this place again !
if you 've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
it 's the perfect restaurant for ny life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
do n't waste your time or your money .
it is not worth for that bucks .
the red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
sweet irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
the food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant arties cafe .
i definitely enjoyed the food as well .
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
i would highly recommend .
we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the past !
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
when we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years .
oh right , i should probably say something nice .
great taste
i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
for the location , the prices are very reasonable .
that said , i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i 've ever had .
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n't stop !
very cozy and warm inside .....
they 're terrific !!
made my dining experience uncomfortable .
so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .
best meal in a long time !
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
the people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak english , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
sum it : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
we 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
the food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
try the sea bass .
we did have to wait at the bar for approx .
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
there is not a single place in chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here .
this is the cheers of new york , whether you 've ever been there or not .
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , la villa ca n't be beat .
coming from boston this place is like emma 's pizza in kendall square in cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
i have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
definately check it out !!!
not worth it .
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
creative , consistent , fresh .
the food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
the food was really good , i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
not cheap but very yummy .
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant .
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
a little crowded but they move that line really fast !
has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
that place was awesome , , , sally !
the food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips - good but a far cry from what the name implies .
just go in and sample the greatest french food west of daniel .
a beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
go to japanese sushi place or spanish tapas place - this creation in williamsburg is a misstake .
perfect for a quick meal .
we all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
the website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
i do not recommend the heartland brewery .
even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
but this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .
the waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
we were very disappointed .
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
i 'd definitely recommend this little place .
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they do n't make you by bottles .
great service , great food .
always a nice crowd , but never loud .
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
i 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
food is always fresh and hot - ready to eat !
drinks : 2 glasses of dom perignon at $ 35 each .
i have n't been to the other locations .
went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
i would definitely recommend mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
not terrible , but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002 .
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i 'd go out in manhattan .
overall , the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
cool atmosphere but such a let down .
good for dates or with friends .
but they do .
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
great sake !
the host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot .
the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
the waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce while we were eating our lunch !!!!!
this was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
we ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .
dug the blue bar area too .
an oasis of refinement : food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
this place is worth going even if only for their beer .
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
the quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
he always says , i do n't have customers .
but who says murray 's is anything about service .
never got an explanation as to what was going on .
there restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
love pizza 33 . .
and the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
i 'm partial to the gnocchi .
by far , the best pizza in manhattan .
if just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
i would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
in any event , this is a place i 'll be sure to stop by again when i 'm in this part of town .
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
they charge different prices all the time .
in china the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .
the food was absolutely horrible !
the menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
service was quick .
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
atmosphere is a bore .
to be honest we only ever eat the shabu shabu .
place is open till late , no dress code .
whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite .
the staff is courteous and friendly .
it is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .
i thought i had died and gone to heaven .
the only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the sliced steak entree .
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
this time , i prefer not to go into detail .
tasty dog !
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emilio ( the godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
compared to ess-a , tal offers a less doughy bagel !
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
it 's very spicy but not offensive .
and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at ' ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
i for one will never patronize them again .
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
it 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
i went this past saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
i 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( i 'm a daring eater but not that daring ) .
great food at reasonable prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
waitstaff are very friendly .
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square .
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .
we did n't know if we should order a drink or leave ?
staff is very accomodating .
the wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
this place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
do n't waste your time , or money !!
just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service i need ...
i have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
it is terrific , as is the value .
it was divine melts in your mouth .
i would definently recommend this restaurant .
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
as for the bar , this is another bad idea .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
it 's the kind of place i like to support !
my boyfriend and i have been to the minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed .
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , will smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
on a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt .
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8:30 .
the food was actually aweful .
also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
i 've dined at alain ducasse 's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke .
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
we went there , no one greeted us .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
do n’t go to this place !
( besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
but for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
polite acknowledgement is out ;
i 've been here twice now .
overall i was impressed and will return , it 's a great qpr ( quality to price ratio ) .
i was n't there for the half-price saturday night special , but tuesday night .
i have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls ' night .
the pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
the ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
try everything for that matter , it is all good .
cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre italian restaurants .
nice find .
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited .
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
terrible waste of money . . scammers
it 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
everything is delicious , though , my gf and i come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !
great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
the wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
lives up to the hype
instead of wasting your time here : support restaurants that care about food .
the place is a lot of fun .
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
the service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
the staff is very friendly .
the food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
i went there with my friend last saturday .
it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn .
we had a good time .
pizza here is consistently good .
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
i 've been a regular customer at juice generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the film center on ninth avenue and they are on the next block .
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan .
good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .
compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
service was good and food is wonderful .
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
it was wonderful .
it wo n't break the bank but i also wouldnt come back for the food .
horrible experience - stay away !
we wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
i plan on stopping by next week as well .
it 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
and never strayed .
they are fast .
i ca n't wait to go back .
i often go there to eat with my family .
indoor was very cozy and cute .
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
if you want to save some money , do n't go here .
i wish they had one near my office - i would go everyday .
great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
the menu is nothing like the one on the website .
the palak paneer was standard , and i was not a fan of the malai kofta .
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
i have eaten at saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !
the restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
my girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
i was pleasantly suprised .
their sake martini is wonderful .
while certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
the wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
they do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
it 's popular w/the late crowd .
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
we generally like good restaurants and eat out often but kai was way to expensive for what we got .
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side .
having been a long time ess-a-bagel fan , i was surpised to find myself return time and time again to murray 's .
patsy 's pizza = true love
the food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
i never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
but not in a good way .
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
just straight up cheap , good food .
i take all my nyc guests to vt 's .
i did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
wine list is not huge but def well selected .
sea has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
as many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
most importantly , food is excellent .
aside from the sea urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail , boton shrimp , blue fin torro ( fatty tuna ) , sea eel , etc .
i highly recommend the sophia pizza .
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
the food arrived in about 15 minutes .
we 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
the food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
i just read mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
the atmosphere is n't the greatest , but i suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
service , however , was excellent ... and i liked the setting / atmosphere a lot .
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
you can not go wrong with this place .
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
hey , i think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
so eat fast and order a lot .
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
the folding chair i was seated at was uncomfortable .
it 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !
give it a try and enjoy .
one of my favorite places in manhattan .
and that 's no mean feat ...
wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
and cheap !
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
i was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
it 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown brooklyn ) .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
it was delish and i did n't feel bad eating it .
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
the main entree was also very good .
the food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
we were n't !
i would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
great food , great prices , great service .
southern indian cuisine is still there , too .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
the only downside ... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time .
coffee is a better deal than overpriced cosi sandwiches .
when we sat , we got great and fast service .
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
the dim sum however was very good .
which lets face it .... at times it 's a good thing .
amma is nothing special .
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
i highly recommend cafe st. bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
the pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , i 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
keep up the good work guys !
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
just ignore the trendy wannabes .
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
the service is descent even when this small place is packed .
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is # 1 .
the fries are yummy .
please take my advice , go and try this place .
we had a wonderful meal at naples 45 a month ago on a visit to nyc .
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
( the asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
my chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
there is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
this place has the best sushi in the city .
plenty of choices to make your own creation .
plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
what you are paying for is the environment and the name .
and the prices were way to high for what you get .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
worth a visit .
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great italian restaurant , drive to corona .
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
went there last night with my coworker .
i do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
i loved it and would go again .
immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
this was the worst dining experience i 've ever had .
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( anywhere ) .
very affordable and excellent ambient !
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
after dinner , take your date to the huge dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in ny .
to be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
my wife and i went to water 's edge for a romantic dinner .
service is top notch .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
i went to del frisco 's friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
the dim sum here is only so-so .
even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
the manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
as a long-time patron of mamoun 's , i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city .
arigato gozimas yuka !
also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
going to bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
my turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
my order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes ( at the most ) of hanging up the phone .
look foward to trying the ruben upon returning .
a weakness is the chicken in the salads .
do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
the dancing , white river and millenium rolls are musts .
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
i ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked thai flavors in unexpected ways .
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
service was prompt and courteous .
somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
we love it , and took buses and cabs to get there .
this was a great surprise .
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
the service was great as well .
i will be going back very soon .
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
my family ate here last weekend .
but when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .
finally a curry that i can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
off the beaten path , this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street indian restaurants .
while the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best i have ever had !
look , the appetizers were really good .
you will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two .
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it .
but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out .
have eaten at ginger house several times , and it 's always good .
a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town .
best indian food i have ever eaten .
the service was typical short-order , dinner type .
they also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional mediterranean fare .
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz . of maine lobster in it .
casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
when she complained , the waitress said , sorry .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n't just go to zucchero pomodori .
my friends and i stop here for pizza before hitting the kips bay movie theater .
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
you will be satisfied .
before the place did n't call my attention .
unique apppetizers .
i had filet mignon with garlic mash .
a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
... and that 's saying a lot .
i thought i had died and gone to heaven .
always busy but fast moving .
both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
when we left at 8:00 pm , it was packed and noisy .
the food is just okay , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
in conclusion , this place sucks !!!
amazing interior .
this is my fourth try over a two year period , and i 'm done .
try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever .
you ca n't go wrong here .
highly recommended .
was her monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
cute and decorative .
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
it is bland and nothing extrodinary .
the restaurant was quiet and intimate .
everyone is welcomed in as family .
you will not be missing anything .
eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito 's home .
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
the design of the space is good .
this place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within doyers , right off of pell st ( barber 's alley ) in chinatown .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
i started going to dosa hut more after that .
excellent experience .
kind , attentive wait staff .
unbelievable .
i asked for a simple medium rare steak .
it is simply amazing .
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .
i definitely would n't go back .
i wish they would change back to what it was before .
do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all cost !
this place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
delivery is fast too .
the staff offers impeccable service .
then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to margharita 's on washington street instead , they have amazing food and the best service .
unbelievable .
i will go back to suan soon !
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
the service is perfect too nothing wrong in this italian/french restaurant
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .
i have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .
the chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
i was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
veal parmigana - better than patsy 's !
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food .
i had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc .
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon , which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.
the staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
only complaint is the pricing -- i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis .
i found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
you can do it here .
when we arrived at 6:00 pm , the restaurant was practically empty .
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .
having moved i truly miss this place .
the service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
ciao bella
i 've been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants .
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town .
you will find yourself returning quite often .
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
the french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
do n't go with a larger group than 4 !
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great .
as far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
the food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
i have gone back to siam square many times since and everytime i am very satisfied overall .
we had pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .
unless you are eating in the pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
to speak of the park side , words can not describe .
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
chance is a joke .
they 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
good luck getting a table .
there are other vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you name it .
aside from the sea urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail , boton shrimp , blue fin torro ( fatty tuna ) , sea eel , etc .
you guys are awesome !
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
alias is warm and cozy and you do n't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 clinton .
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
good for a quick sushi lunch .
bobb v 's is a great place to take your friends and family !
both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
it 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
definately check it out !!!
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york .
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
the food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
i have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
poor service and management
it just was n't thai .
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .
will not be back .
rather than eating the meat entree being offered , i requested a vegetarian dish .
there are much better places in ny with better prices .
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
i have been going back again and again .
waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
for starters they delivered us someone else 's order .
to celebrate a birthday , three of us went to mare anticipating great food .
a classic !
a restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
they have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
we had our christmas party at dos caminos and it was wonderful .
boy was i wrong !
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come !!!!
his drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
the pizza was great .
they have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say " i 've been to the four seasons restaurant " .
the service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
heartland brewery is a great way to start or finish your day .
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
in fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and i could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
very " normal indian food " , but done really well .
prices are in line .
this is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
a very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
food was ok .
every course was better than the next .
great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
loved it
the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .
the seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
the sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
we were pleasantly surprised with our choice .
even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
hmmm .
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
this place is cool enough to be in the east village , but french enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in paris .
try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .
the stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
it just was n't thai .
the main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
however , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
best chinese on the upper east , prompt delivery , good value .
the fettucino alfredo was amazing .
terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
quartino is my favoriate resturant in nyc .
i paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
the spicy mussels are a highlight .
but who says murray 's is anything about service .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
i pray it stays open forever .
now we moved out of the state and every visit to nyc includes a stop here .
this will be only the third online review i have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
there was a small wait , but shorter than i expected .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .
the food here was mediocre at best .
do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi on saffron risotto .
by the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
what can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .
i would definitely come back to this restaurant .
our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
his food is excellent ( and not expensive by nyc standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
i had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , i expected it to have some type of flavor .
we will come back !!!
i loving bringing friends here - and i do so every chance i get .
i got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
i tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
one of my favorite places in brooklyn .
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
sexy .
the setting is casual and romantic .
the design is very intimate and romantic .
however , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
i had the lamb special which was perfect .
meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
i felt as though i were eating in paris .
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
service was efficient courteous .
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
this place is amazingly bad .
however , for what we spent , overall , it just was not up to par .
how do you rate home ?
try the tandoori salmon !
the price is reasonable although the service is poor .
oh yes , and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , i would love to know where they obtained .
i absolutely loved this place .
what a ripoff !
the boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
i recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year .
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch .
after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
best . sushi . ever .
thank you emilio .
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing .
after waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
raymond the bartender rocks !
really cool stauff inside .
no pizza 33 for me !
do n't miss bloom 's on your next trip to manhatten .
if you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to del frisco 's !
also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8 pm .
i went to amma after a friend recommended it .
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
the eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
not only have i worked in restaurants for many years , i am now in culinary school , i am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half korean !
i went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
the thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
the decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
growing up in ny , i have eaten my share of bagels .
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
however , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
servers are all different , greg is my favorite .
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
my girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite .
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
went to cafe spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
alain ducasse is the best of everything , i mean everything was excelent . i
once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
it 's worthwhile to take a cab to chelsea just for an awesome dinner at my chelsea .
even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , francois , and good service .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
i sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .
we 've found it to be better and fresher than kiku which is comparable in price .
chinese desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness .
it can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
the bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
the service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .
i do not think dinner in manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where i am not swept off my feet .
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix .
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
it has been my first choice ever since i discovered it .
but they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
would not recommend anyone to go .
i have never had a bad meal ( or bad service ) @ pigalle .
the fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
there was a heat problem to boot , so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats !
the service was dreadfully slow ( the place was only half full ) and a smile would have been nice ...
our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
the food is decent .
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back .
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it .
obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong , it actually means great prosperity .
get the tuna of gari .
however , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emilio ( the godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
this place has been around for a few years .
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
it 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like balthazar etc .
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .
i will go back to suan soon !
i live in the west village and i 've been to a lot of restaurants .
it first came well done , and i politely sent it back .
i need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice .
people in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
always a nice crowd , but never loud .
please save yourself the frustration .
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes .
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .
for many people , this may not seem like aunthentic thai food because most places in nyc arent quite authentic .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers ( nice non-sushi selection ) .
what a great place !
i highly recommend this restaurant !!
get there before 7 pm .
less = more in their case .
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant .
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for chinatown ) alternative .
terrible experience .
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
we a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
finally , i got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
most of the booths allow you to sit next to each other without looking like ' that ' couple .
sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know sal , is to know new york .
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i 've ever had ) .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
you order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
over 100 different choices to create your own .
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street .
but regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
the food was bland oily .
and how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
too bad latin quarters closed .
the staff is no nonsense .
while it 's not nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .
i ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
waiters are slow but sweet .
it had been awhile and i forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
we picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
do n't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
i love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
i will be going back very soon .
favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
it was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .
we thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .
fine , i wont hang you for that .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
for each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
i think locals rate this place so high .
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
i had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , i 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
what generous portions !
i absolutely loved this place .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
the food was average to above-average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
they 're are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing , queens .
i do not recommend .
i showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .
if your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in time sq. . .
the yellowfin tuna and calf 's liver are my favorites !
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
and it was quick which is very important .
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
me and my girls will definitely go back .
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
even with john 's and joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
my gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
you must try the shrimp appetizers .
everyone i have spoken too there is super friendly , helpful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer .
and all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
the service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald 's than this joint .
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
black white shakes came out good also .
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
a great choice at any cost and a great deal .
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn .
deff recimmend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
my friends and i showed up on a sat .
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
however , i do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
we got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale italian decor .
this is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both a-listers and people walking in off the street .
there is no excuse for such lousy service !
needless to say , i 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
being from the south , there are n't any good delis in my area and while watching foods across america on pbs i found out about katz 's deli .
they are served on focacchia bread and are to die for .
david , daytona beach , fl
my husband and i both ordered the steak , medium .
the fish was really , really fresh .
service was wonderful ;
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
btw , the service is very good .
my girlfiends and i ate at o.g. again last night .
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray 's , sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the outstanding pizza !
if you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
haru on park s is simply disgusting .
three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
great indian food and the service is incredible .
the food was undercooked - the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
the food is nothing like its menu description .
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well .
the place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
being puerto rican i know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best ( i hope mom does n't read this ! ) .
moving on .
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
a small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
how can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
when we stumbled on leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem but , we were certainly wrong .
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet .
food was decent , but not great .
so delicious !!!!!!
taxan delicious !
she just nodded and walked off .
we went around 9:30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
it is very overpriced and not very tasty .
love it .
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
the level of rudeness was preposterous .
the $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
it has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
quick and friendly service .
take a good sense of humor , an american express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop , gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
the bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate decor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
but too far east !
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
the specials are usually quite good too .
i live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
may , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .
the service was attentive , yet discreet .
two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
great pizza for lunch place .
it hits the spot every time
both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal .
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i 've had at this price range .
( always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer !!!
we saw them heating up at least one frozen item though i 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
in the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , ny crowd .
worst place on smith street in brooklyn
i love this place
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .
i can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
it 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
he ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .
go hungry and enjoy .
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing .
you will not be disapointed at all .
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
decor leaves something to be desired .
after dinner i heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
i also ordered the change mojito , which was out of this world .
the decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
been to the one in brooklyn for over 25 years , now i dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza .... hanx
after so many great reviews here , my bf and i went to esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
just because it 's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !
fast service .
perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
i look forward to eating here again
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
an awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
we were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
no gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
if this restaurant was in manhattan , i would definitely go more often .
they even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
this place is always very crowded and popular .
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
it was wonderful .
as we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
the food is great , service is ok .
we ate outside at haru 's sake bar because haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
the sushi was awful !
this is probably one of my new favorite places .
i 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so i can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
it 's called gnochi alla nona and is found under chef specials .
will not be back .
and everytime i go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .
they specialize in smoothies and fresh juices .
we went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
the sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
from beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived .
i had my eyes on this place , promising myself i will one day ' give it a try . '
a real dissapointment .
priced at upper intermediate range .
the food is very average ... the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
went for mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend .
perhaps .
they did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
service was on par but not wonderful .
i lived in maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
i ca n't wait for the nex time .
veal parmigana - better than patsy 's !
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i 'd never heard of before .
i recommend it !
the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
i would go back tho .
warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
we love th pink pony .
will never be back .
this is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
i have eaten at saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
the place was nice and calm .
food was very good , but not what i would consider out of this world .
do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
also very inexpensive .
authentic taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
i 'll be back soon .
i 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
how pretentious and inappropriate for mj grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
so rude !!!
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe .
we got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
the crust was amazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :) :) : )
i 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant i recommend going .
over priced , overrated .... stay away !
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
there 's candlelight and music .
the waiters always look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan .
i just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
it 's a small cute restaurant .
the wine list is also really nice .
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
the service was attentive .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
i like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently .
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
brava la pizza fresca !
the wait staff was very attentive and polite .
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
all of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
the italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the ues ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
the service was superb , they treat you like family .
what a hassle !
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a.
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
worth the trip from manhattan .
the food is delicious .
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
after that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
this is my favorite italian restaurant in all of new york city .
there 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
the side dishes were passable , and i did get a refill upon request .
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
service was prompt , friendly and great .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .
his response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
the waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
ruby foo 's is a tourist trap .
i must give it yon out of yon stars !
i love the place .
this is n't a value joint .
the help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
in the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , ny crowd .
the service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
if you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
i 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy 's bronx cafe .
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
and you 're hungry a few hours later .
my roommate and i love this place .
this place is great .
highly recommended !!!!!
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .
i have never had cheescake like this .
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
great food and the prices are very reasonable .
i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
wonderful at holiday time .
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
disappointing food , lousy service .
i think i 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
i seriously doubt i will ever dine at jimmy 's bronx , or for that matter , jimmy 's uptown , again .
the highly spiced chai tea was great too .
the service is awful .
beautiful experience .
it can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
the waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so i try to ignore it ) .
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
would definitely go back again .
love the food .
food is excellent .
last memorial day , i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
great food but the service was dreadful !
i 've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all .
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on point .
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
first of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by citysearch 's editorial review .
it 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
if you love seafood , you would love this place !
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds .
what a pleasant surprise !
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
the wine list is excellent .
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i 'm eating indian cuisine .
the portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
the gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
also very inexpensive .
super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
disappointingly , their wonderful saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
a must try !
since i cook for a living , i 'm very fussy about the food i eat in restaurants .
if you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
we were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds ( hint hint ) .
i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening .
the beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
we had lava cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it .
i 've been to naples 45 for dinner twice .
for appetizers , i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
favorite sushi in nyc
the restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
anyhow , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .
it 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars .
the view is spectacular , and the food is great .
the hostess was very pleasant .
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
this made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
and affordable .
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
the menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that i have tried is absolutely delicious .
it 's simply the best meal in nyc .
check out the secret back room .
what a great place .
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
i had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
but the service was a bit slow .
this place is always packed .
you should pass on the calamari .
also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
nice value .
i will never visit this restaurant again .
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w ' burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
if you are a tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
anyway , the owner was fake .
in any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
there are a few italian employees who may not speak the best english but for me that adds to the experience .
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
i suspect this restaurant is what rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
and all of that wo n't break your bank !
not what i wanted to hear .
the dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of chinese here ) .
others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .
nice for one time special occasion .
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
it is about food and ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
i think the meatball parm is good .
this is n't your corner chinese food takeout .
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
what more could you want ?
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
it is so romantic .
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i could n't believe the food .
loved it
i will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night .
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
ummm ... the beer was cold .
they could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
i went to common stock for brunch and i was so impressed .
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
the food options rule .
check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
and you never get the feeling that you need to leave .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
i do n't know about you guys , but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere .
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
the sushi is amazing !!!
do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place ... )
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
the service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but i have never been treated rudely .
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come - if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york .
i loved it .
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me .
a + + the service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens ' biggest secret !
i have been living in nyc for bit now and i have to say i love to go out and explore the scene .
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong , it actually means great prosperity .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , i heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last tuesday .
the food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city .
if you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs , so be aware .
p.s. please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
the food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings i 've had .
definitely something to come down and check out .
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .
great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .
once you step into cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path parisian bistro .
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .
this food is asian-air fusion .
it was our only opportunity to visit and wanted an authentic italian meal .
and really large portions .
i can say that the wraps , burgers and salads were all fresh , tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was well worth the money .
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz . of maine lobster in it .
we bring in a party of ten or so every week .
i have eaten a lot of pizza here .
an excellent service
the guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
we were very pleasantly surprised .
bill a little high , but worth it .
i absolutely love this place !!!
planet thai is great !
we 'll definitly be back again !
when it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
the service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
my friends spoke so much about it for months , i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens , this is among the best .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
not only is this the best thai restaurant i have been to , but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine .
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food .
i had a great time at jekyll and hyde !
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan .
our experience did not ever get any better .
so , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
this is also where i was from .
this place is the most japanese it can ever get .
decor is nice though service can be spotty .
if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , kai may not be the best option .
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
oh and it 's too tiny for families with strollers .
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
it gets very crowded so i would suggest that you get their early .
the flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
single worst restaurant in manhattan
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples .
everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !
murray wo n't do it .
pizza here is consistently good .
but they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at taj mahal .
the prices were fantastic .
the food is great and the environment is even better .
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in nyc .
( 1 ) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of mott st. just south of bayard
not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
his wife tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
this place was not all that !
the place is a lot of fun .
while it 's not nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
supercilious scorn is in .
and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling .
very romantic fires - i 've literally spent hours at lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
it is thick and slightly soggy .
this is a fun restaurant to go to .
terrible would be a compliment !
and even with it 's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
at peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
went to village last night for my birthday .
so much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
food is average , and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi 's tastes better .
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc !
great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
are you freaking kidding me ?
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .
we requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
the cuisine from what i 've gathered is authentic taiwanese , though its very different from what i 've been accustomed to in taipei .
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
i went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
we recently spent new year 's eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
the pizza here is delicious .
the food is great ( big selection , reasonable prices ) and the drinks are really good .
highly recommend it !
i did n't go there for food so i ca n't comment .
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before , and toons is by far the best thai food ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
will have to return to try the chocolate !
i love this cozy around the way rest .
the first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
it was pleasantly uncrowded , the service was delightful , the garden adorable , the food ( from appetizers to entrees ) was delectable .
little tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in kennsington , honestly the best gnochi i have ever had !
the service is fantastic .
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
my favorite place lol
also they were $ 15 each !
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
kind , attentive wait staff .
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
the design and atmosphere is just as good .
fish was overdone .
while the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in new york city , there is definitely better food in that range , and so sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return .
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i 've had at this price range .
best reuben sandwich ever !
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
my six year old loved it .
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience !
i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores .
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
the food here does a great service to the name ( cantonese that is ... ) .
the service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
the waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
the dim sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .
i have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in ny and hooked a few new yorkers onto peep as well .
overall , the best bagel in town .
it is simply amazing .
certainly not the best sushi in new york , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
they live up to the thai way of living .
the counter service is bad .
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
the staff offers impeccable service .
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
if your into thai . . you can not miss this great restaurant .
however , i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
if you want to dine with large party , i recommend to make reservation basement .
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
if you do n't mind all that noise then go to the chart house .
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
food - awesome .
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
i love the atmorphere @ peep !
they were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays !
will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in la . .
jimmy is dominican !
the servers at flatbush farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
the food is definitely good , but i left a bit disappointed .
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
and comparing it to the chinatown restaurants is simply not fair .
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n't just go to zucchero pomodori .
recommendations , of course , are required !
we began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
it 's a small cute restaurant .
we had a good time .
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
if you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
try the pad se-ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
you ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown .
the best burger i have had in the village .
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
no thanks !!!
get the pepperoni - yum - and a family style salad .
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
the downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
an excellent choice in midtown .
my only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you !
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
between my guest and i , we sampled at least 80 % of the menu , and they were all hits .
i live a block away and go to patsy 's frequently .
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies .
the rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
i went to df for valentines day dinner .
actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
it was wonderful .
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
the waiter was attentive .
ca n't wait to go back .
there was a small wait , but shorter than i expected .
the menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
it 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
amazing my favorite !!!
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
i went here with my boyfriend and another couple .
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
i really liked the noodle dishes at rice avenue compared to their green curry dish .
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
at this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress walked away .
now if they could only get a toaster .
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
be careful of portions - they 're huge .
we will go back every time we are in the city .
everytime i go there i ca n't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat .
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .
the food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
it 's true , you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas .
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again , i will certainly stop by .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
hands down the best pizza on the planet .
the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
it 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
this place is to be avoided .
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
the food is amazing !!!!
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the west village .
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
want to impress ?
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
when the main course finally arrived ( another 45 mins ) half of our order was missing .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
obviously run by folks who know a pie .
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
sometimes you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , things are expensive .
the one positive thing i can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
the menu has lots of options : i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
this place is incredibly tiny .
pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks .
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
its not the same if you have to sit inside .
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .
i had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
the sake menu should not be overlooked !
i 've never been disappointed .
not worth the prices .
the staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when i dropped it outside .
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area .
i have been going there since it opened and i ca n't get enough .
i came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all i got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
the pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
the food was exceptional .
service was also very good .
the food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
bad staff
the staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and i am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
please be aware that it 's cash or amex only !
the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
not only would i not recommend jimmy 's restaurants to friends , i would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
the other times i 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
we always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied .
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
my biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply great .
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
when i called this morning , i did n't think i would be able to get in at 12 , but i was able to get in , along with four other guests .
but the coconut rice was good .
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke .
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8:30 .
going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook .
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .
one caveat : some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !
i have been to roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn ...
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent .
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
to dine at thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
the wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
nothing special about this place .
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
the wife had the risotto which was amazing .
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
the waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
spice is great thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it , they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato .
the sake complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
and i 've been to many nyc delis .
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
good , fast service .
you will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny .
the food is great and reasonably priced .
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
this diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in new york pizza restaurants ) .
as many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
the appetizers are also delicious !
being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
the most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
for authentic thai food , look no further than toons .
great pizza for lunch place .
she replied " well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . "
had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
the $ 72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
the food was outstanding and the service was tops .
a pleasant surprise .
food was okay , nothing great .
several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
overall a worthwhile experience .
our server was very helpful and friendly .
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
very good wine choices .
rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
the food was spicy and delicious .
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
the steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
great restaurant , and even greater food !
the service is a quite slow , but friendly .
again , i 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
bring your appetites .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !!!
its alright
dumbfoundingly poor
the staff is arrogant , the prices are way high for brooklyn .
during happy hour !
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly . the
even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
it was nice and fresh , but i ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
love yuka .
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , i would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to tamari .
i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
the service is good and the resturant is clean .
in fact , this was not a nicoise salad and was barely eatable .
we were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
) it 's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
they forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets , and joya is the best .
i went to kitchenette this weekend for brunch .
but the staff was so horrible to us .
never once did i leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
the flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
for me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
but , they were too big for the bun .
the ambience is very calm and quiet .
looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
the food was very well prepared .
for instance , plates were just dumped on the table , i was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
oh , and i never write reviews -- i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .
highly recommended to all !
always busy but fast moving .
one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
so rude .
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
this is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
the only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
my friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( and look like ) .
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
we will definitely go back .
just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
the food was very good and i was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll . . .
their coffee is quite good too !
since the first time i came here i 've been hooked .
keep up the good work .
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .
i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it .
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city .
we live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened .
not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with brahma .
( i 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
the tastes makes your mouth water for more .
i come here enjoy very much with husband .
the service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in napoli , italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
they brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
the decor is what initially got me in the door .
in summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) !!!
we had pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
the space is traditional in feel .
i 've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all .
the bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
they are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
menu - uneventful , small .
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , kai is your place .
it 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
while i quite liked the food and the ambience , i 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
they were dry , stale and pretty flavorless .
it was horrible .
i would go back .
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town .
you can do it here .
would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .
i 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
gigino 's in wagner park is so enjoyable .
however , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
no food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
the sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
the food is good , i ca n't lie .
also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
the service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
i will be going back and heartily recommend it !
the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .
i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i do n't have to rush off to a show .
i think the restaurant was too loud ( when full ) to be romantic .
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
a great place to meet up for some food and drinks ...
i highly recommend it .
i did n't complain , i liked the atmosphere so much .
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
it 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
have been several times and it never dissapoints .
there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm .
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
went there for a special celebration .
service is fast and friendly .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
when he 's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
my picks : guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !
in mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
we 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan .
the high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
like i said , nick and joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
i recieved prompt service with a smile .
it is very overpriced and not very tasty .
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
i/we will never go back to this place again .
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
we ended up in little italy in late afternoon .
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
took my sister here before attending a show one evening .
the waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
faan is sooo good .
did i mention the wine ?
the service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
it 's better than being on the roof of sutton place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night .
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
go here .
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
maybe it 's that most of dumont 's patrons are younger and have lower expectations , but i can not recommend dumont .
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .
our first course was tuna sashimi with green yuzu sauce .
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
will give it another chance before i write it off .
the food is great and the prices are reasonable .
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny -- i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
amazing !
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
the price very reasonable .
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
i had a great experience .
they 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
authentic bistro !
ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
this place does n't get the publicity that sylvias soul food restaurant does , but it should .
you should travel from the bronx to try it ...
the pizza and wine were excellent - the service too -- but what really made this place was the backyard dining area .
we were very impressed with the food and value .
even better , they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing .
for authentic thai food , look no further than toons .
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
on the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
stay with the roasted chickens and you 'll be fine .
they used shredded cheese on top !
they 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , kenny .
they are the best bagels i 've had .
it 's no-fuss , fast and delicious .
we had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
we could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
service here was great , food was fantastic .
it 's convenient .
however , their popularity has yet to slow down , and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again !!
the wine the service was very good too .
yakitori bbq meats is tasty too .
they pray to their food gods to make them into a good pizza like vt 's .
got a little loud after 8 pm when the joint got full .
salads were fantastic .
this is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
so close , but not good enough .
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens ' biggest secret !
went there for an office lunch .
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it .
the service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
do n't waste money on decor .
food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic ...
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .
i do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ’ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
definitely not a restaurant to skip !
i really recommend the very simple unda egg rolls .
at the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
enjoy !
great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
my personal favorite is nick and joe 's .
i was in love with pongsri on 48th , but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
be careful , when they say spicy , they mean it !
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .
the pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
the overall price tag was very very expensive , something i did expect .
i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
service is fast and friendly .
the place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what i could tell , a reasonable wine list ( i was given the food menu when i asked for the carte des vins )
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
however , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
if you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
once they ran out of gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
they sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
it ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
i live on the street this place is on .
i am happy i did the food was awsome .
i was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel .
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
i was wrong .
of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all .
i dont how this place is still running .
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
my friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend .
i 'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much .
hip boutiques and bars on ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
if your favorite chinese food is general tao chicken , then this is not your place .
great selection of wine , and seafood .
i have never had cheescake like this .
if you 've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
but the service is horrid !
nicky the nose at the bar is a treat .
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
don pedro 's is one of my favorite restaurants .
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
i have been going back again and again .
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
i love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also very good .
food was average but tasty .
by dinner time , they turn it around and mount a huge comeback !!
did i mention that the coffee is outstanding ?
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
i could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us .
the makhani was ok -- the korma was bland .
i ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc .
read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
when you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
we ate here in march , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
after reading the good reviews of this restaurant , i decided to give it a try with two friends .
the combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
please try the filet mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
you must try the garlic soup !
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .
not because you are " the four seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
the place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
the bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
but i 'd go back
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes .
we know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
very good service and very good prices .
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .
a beef consomme .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
