also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
the food was great .
rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .
10
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
i highly recommend the sophia pizza .
well , this place is so ghetto its not even funny .
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
it can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
( la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico ) .
avoid this place !
if you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork .
the service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
the waitress was not attentive at all .
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
this was the worst dining experience i 've ever had .
we asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
food - awesome .
we were then shooed inside .
lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
wonderful at holiday time .
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .
the nakgi-bokum was horrible .
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
i have lived in ny for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
unfortunately , we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the south st seaport .
the food is great and the prices are reasonable .
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street .
what more could you want ?
they are served on focacchia bread and are to die for .
turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a thursday evening .
whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be .
the waiter was attentive .
you will find yourself returning quite often .
the food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
the manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
it does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
acceptable prices .
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel .
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
if you live in upper manhattan , siam square is the place for thia food .
in fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and i could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
highly recommended to all !
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !
everything we had was good or ok .... but definitely nothing great .
the neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .
for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
wow .
feels like family when we go there .
i loved it .
authentic korean food lovers should visit 32nd street , of course .
yeah shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
however , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
please take my advice , go and try this place .
good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
the only drawback is that it 's a little pricey .
the food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
we all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
one of my fav spots in the city .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
it 's delicious !
food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
i highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
the service was superb , they treat you like family .
check out the secret back room .
since i was in the neighborhood , we made sure to give this a try .
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
while the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
you must try the garlic soup !
the restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
do not get the go go hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed jazz on certain nights .
both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
really , i find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
i can not recommend og more highly if i tried - check it out for yourself .
the food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
the wine list is excellent .
worth a visit .
i would definitely come back to this restaurant .
the wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
great hot dogs !
i loved it and would highly recommend .
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
try the sea bass .
the absolute worst service i 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
i can understand the prices if it served better food , like some chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
i 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
this place is average ... at best .
this place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious cheap .
perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because i have never had anything but a perfect experience at yasuda .
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
none of that yucky whipped stuff .
rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in ny ... stay away from this one
the food is great and the environment is even better .
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
i just do not understand what the fuss is all about .
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back .
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
i think the stuff was better than disney .
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
highly recommended ... as stated , i have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
this was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
( besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
for starters they delivered us someone else 's order .
obviously run by folks who know a pie .
for an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
i ca n't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york .
probably would not go again ...
terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .
the food now is inconsistent .
i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
we recently spent new year 's eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
an excellent choice in midtown .
but the service was a bit slow .
somewhat pricey but what the heck .
personally i like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
the atmosphere is great !!!
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee rice porridge .
the service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
fresh , mind blowing flavors .
my chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
are you freaking kidding me ?
this was a great surprise .
yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
my gf and i dine at bukhara often as she lives near it .
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
i honestly do n't even know where to begin .
my party had the bbe fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
odd for ave b , not just odd , the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
i recommend their pad see ew , pork chops or tofu plates .
i 'm saving up for my next visit .
all are great - poori , naan , paratha all fresh .
oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant arties cafe .
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york .
the place was quiet and delightful .
this place was not all that !
i ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .
one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown .
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
to celebrate a birthday , three of us went to mare anticipating great food .
also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
we know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
service is fast and friendly .
only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
this place is a great bargain .
we had the most wonderful waitress .
it 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
they are tasty , but i suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average american digestive system .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
ess-a-bagel ( either by sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .
great shabu shabu
this is one of our all-time favorite .
the fried rice is really good too .
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
tends to turn people away .
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
we love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
the waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
the waiters always look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
i love this place .
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
the wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
the food is great and reasonably priced .
this place is a great stop for great food .
fish is so very fresh .
fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
you will not be disapointed at all .
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls .
the food was great and the service was even better .
trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
however , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
located at the end of a magnificent block .
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
i agree .
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , kai is your place .
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
if you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
i came across village underground by accident , now i go there all the time .
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
the foie gras was sweet and luscious .
like i said , nick and joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
ask for usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
all in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
my bf and i go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
the owner truly caters to all your needs .
curioni 's pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
for all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to alphabet city , i say , good - stay out .
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
the atmosphere was great .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
always busy but fast moving .
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
and all of that wo n't break your bank !
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles ' heel .
if you 're looking to taste some great indian food and want good service , definitely visit curry leaf .
if you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
hey , i think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
i am bringing my whole family back next time .
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
during our trip to nyc , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the four seasons for their pre-theater menu ( offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp ) .
he offers subpar service and has no personality .
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon , which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.
i 've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times , when i have been in the neighborhood .
we ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
i was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
stepping into casa la femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in new york !
i went to swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner , but nothing amazing .
great find !!!
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) we got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained empty our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
i never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
the service we experienced was friendly and good .
they also do a great job for restaurant week .
thank you emilio .
there 's another girl who i ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 " with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
everything was going good until we got our meals .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
i went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
this place is a must visit !
terrible would be a compliment !
i definitely would n't go back .
did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
go hungry and enjoy .
i love this place !
me and my girls will definitely go back .
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
the best chinese food uptown !
the fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
check it out
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
definite go if you 're used to good indian restaurant food from abroad .
i really liked this place .
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .
the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
i for one will never patronize them again .
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
but make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
even the wine by the glass was good .
the service is prompt friendly .
service - friendly and attentive .
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at jimmy 's .
people are always friendly .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
great food , great decor , great service .
definately check it out !!!
love pizza 33 . .
ca n’t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
more williamsburg garbage
hurley 's is terrific !
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
a beef consomme .
this is a fun restaurant to go to .
the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
the service was attentive .
the staff is 100 % italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
if you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
how this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .
you 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ...
i absolutely love this place !!!
note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
for appetizers , i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
no doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town , spirit and bateaux will be our destination .
first , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which i would have chosen had i known about them .
when the bill came , nothing was comped , so i told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine , but i did n't think i should have to pay for food with a maggot in it .
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens ' biggest secret !
the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
i 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and i always enjoy myself .
when we stumbled on leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem but , we were certainly wrong .
i went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
great staff .
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
fantastic !
we live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened .
service was quick .
but , nothing stands out about the cooking .
excellent food for great prices
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful .
all in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
the best !
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .
i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday .
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
you will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other chinese and asian fusion places in ny .
best italian food i ever had ( and being italian , that means alot ) .
food and service was okay .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
this place is incredibly tiny .
we got most of it back at home with us .
however , it was worth the visit .
its alright
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all .
( and i have eaten my share ) which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w ' burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
great hot dogs . .
the staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
besides , we were on vacation !
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
the service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
drinks way over priced .
always popular , always full , always a wait .
run do n't walk .
alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
i will be back !
the owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
we were pleasantly greeted .
we were charged full price .
very popular style izakaya ( sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
i 've been several times and am totally smitten .
we were offered water for the table but were not told the voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
what for ?
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
get it together .
the room is a little plain , but it 's difficult to make such a small place exciting and i would not suggest that as a reason not to go .
a weakness is the chicken in the salads .
they did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed .
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
no refills on fountain drinks , though .
in china the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .
but , they were too big for the bun .
they are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
the skillfully chosen portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect iberian ending .
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
cute and decorative .
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
bay terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .
it 's called gnochi alla nona and is found under chef specials .
the sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
based on a visit a month ago , i returned the week before christmas and was hugely disappointed .
food portion was small and below average .
how have i never been to agave before ?
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
the service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
guacamole shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
the food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
the food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
this place is always very crowded and popular .
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
her review is above .
at the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
the unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad ( including asking for salad dressing ) and was instead given a quesedilla .
the selection of food is excellent ( i 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
the barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
quick and friendly service .
anyway , this is the last time i cross the williamsburg .
there were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect english .
i love the atmorphere @ peep !
the decor is designed in a contemporary japanese style restaurant .
dumbfoundingly poor
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .
from an english speaking staff .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
the place is a lot of fun .
go here .
i absolutely loved this place .
they have an excellent selection ( the rolls with crab are really great ) .
the first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
if you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
moving on .
hopefully next time , i will save room for dessert .
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
the food was just ok , at least for what food was available .
a cheap eat for nyc , but not for dosa .
once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n't stop !
the place is beautiful !
for all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to alphabet city , i say , good - stay out .
the service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
it 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
i am bringing my whole family back next time .
the menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
it 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
after the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
i ordered a lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it .
simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .
meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
after dining at b.o.g over twenty times now , its official !
my husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
the portions are very large and the service is fantastic !!
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !
fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
food was okay , nothing great .
i love this place more and more everytime i go .
i will be going back and heartily recommend it !
i live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
all pretty good .
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
everything about this restaurant was special .
the pizza and wine were excellent - the service too -- but what really made this place was the backyard dining area .
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
all of the apetizers are good and the sangria is very good .
and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
it 's to die for !
this place is always very crowded and popular .
the sauce tasted more like chinese fast food than decent korean .
bring your date and a bottle of wine !
the floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
all i can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
by the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
i do not recommend the heartland brewery .
everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies .
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan .
from the moment you walk in , you feel like you 're in the perfect place .
it 's very spicy but not offensive .
largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
was surprisingly disappointed .
i ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
the main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
it is very overpriced and not very tasty .
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .
it 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends !!!
come on .
this little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
i 'm partial to the gnocchi .
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !
the highly spiced chai tea was great too .
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
we 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .
authentic shanghai style and i can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york .
the service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come - if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
i took one look at the chicken and i was appalled .
all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
what more can you ask for ?
i 've been here twice now .
even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
the food is great and authentic .
secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
i have dined at mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter .
that 's good and bad .
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
i 've been to naples 45 for dinner twice .
i 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
definitely something to come down and check out .
it wo n't break the bank but i also wouldnt come back for the food .
try the pad se-ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says i love you .
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
best spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
i take all my nyc guests to vt 's .
still we keep going back : )
a little crowded but they move that line really fast !
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
if you ' re in new york , you do not want to miss this place .
this restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
i mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
this was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but i thought that was what made the place so special .
we 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
the anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .
and the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there .
it 's very spicy but not offensive .
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
and i 've been to many nyc delis .
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
we were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
for asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
for many people , this may not seem like aunthentic thai food because most places in nyc arent quite authentic .
we wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
the place is clean , and if you like soul food , then this is the place to be !
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
i love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
indoor was very cozy and cute .
their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
we all felt it was worth it .
but their best dish is thh thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
pizza here is consistently good .
faan is sooo good .
the prices are wonderfully low .
you should travel from the bronx to try it ...
not terrible , but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002 .
no , really .
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
its located in greenewich village .
it 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
now if they could only get a toaster .
they seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
highly recommended .
it is terrific , as is the value .
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .
i have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
the food was outstanding and the service was tops .
i would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not that great .
either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
we had pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
during happy hour !
even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in new york pizza restaurants ) .
the prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .
i completely recommend casa la femme for any special occasion and to really impress your date .
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
the service was ok .
the thai food is good .
the waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .
after a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
one less manhattanite the better .
they 're terrific !!
forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , i mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
i must say the view of nyc is so beautiful !
everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
we were n't !
i always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu .
it 's a small cute restaurant .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
there is nothing more pleasant than that .
even the wine by the glass was good .
could have had better for 1/3 the price in chinatown .
cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
i am french and i really felt like home !!!
ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
it 's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book .
there are other vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
it 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
if your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in time sq. . .
while it 's not nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
just do n't do it .
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
i generally like this place .
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
moderate prices .
i am going to the mid town location next .
i have never in my life sent back food before , but i simply had to , and the waiter argued with me over this .
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
ask for the round corner table next to the large window .
great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
i 've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .
i was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
the perfect spot .
it 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
i tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
i 've been coming here regularly since it opened , about 2 years ago .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
at first i was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of nyc .
i will be going back and heartily recommend it !
food was decent , but not great .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
i think this a a wonderful place .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
i had filet mignon with garlic mash .
they honored reservation on sunday afternoon very well .
not too crazy about their sake martini .
had a late night dinner on a saturday night .
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read .
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
the service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating .
great pizza for lunch place .
we love th pink pony .
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner .
still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in new york pizza restaurants ) .
food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
try the pad thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
the bar drinks were eh , ok to say the least .
it seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too .
everything about this place was wonderful .
the best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
went last thursday .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers ( nice non-sushi selection ) .
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
i have been twice to this restaurant .
tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
the halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time !!!
i recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
we just ate at kai and were disapointed .
my vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
have the iced tea .
this big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
skip baroanda down the street ( eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
we were pleasantly surprised with our choice .
. the best i 've found outside of the chinatown masters .
highly recommended .
they all know you .
wow ! how have i missed this one , tried long tan last week for the first time and now know what the ny times and many more in the neighborhood already knew .
service not the friendliest to our " large party " !
it 's popular w/the late crowd .
its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
i often go there to eat with my family .
the drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
as i made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
there 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
i would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .
delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
i love their thai
because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
try green curry with vegetables .
the wine list is extensive and impressive .
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
no more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
we had our christmas party at dos caminos and it was wonderful .
at night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered .
there was a small wait , but shorter than i expected .
the staff is no nonsense .
they are fast .
she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
you will find yourself returning quite often .
the best place to bring kids or any friends who want to do something different .
it was good , but was not what i thought it would be .
the service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
i 've eaten at many different indian restaurants .
this is a nice sushi restaurant in brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
good food .
i 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
it is loud , hot and dark .
the other times i 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a vip in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
i went here in the afternoon with a friend .
we thought the dessert would be better , wrong !
the chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
we had a good time .
anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , i would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to tamari .
it 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
i had a grat time at jekyll and hyde !
one of the best , if not the best , restaurants in park slope ( and ny in general )
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
you can do it here .
the service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
i was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
a must for all the dosa lovers .
$ 500 included :
saturday , nov. 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
again , if you are in this neighborhood - by all means , come here .
so rude !!!
i 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .
everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
the food is very average ... the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
prices are in line .
we were exploring grand central and did n't want to eat in the food court .
this place does n't compare with mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
this particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon .
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
hats off to the chef .
not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
the best pad thai i 've ever had .
no gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
to celebrate a birthday , three of us went to mare anticipating great food .
entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
sexy .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
we visit at least once a month .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !!!
ambiance and music funky , which i enjoy .
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
i 've eaten at pizza gruppo a few times , but more often i order delivery .
it was nice and fresh , but i ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
just stick with the small dishes !
everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .
go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
my friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
the sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
the filet mignon dish was superb !
my wife and i recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
i like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
the pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street .
just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service i need ...
big thumbs up !
dishes denoted as " roy 's classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
the only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
would never go back there .
the fried rice is amazing here .
supercilious scorn is in .
it 's true , you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas .
we did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
the food was undercooked - the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
in the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , ny crowd .
inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
delivery is fast too .
the help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
this place is not worth the prices .
excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
the food is expensive , but worth every bite .
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
the food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
this is , by far , my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often !
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning !
last memorial day , i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
the happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
it 's one of our favorite places to eat in ny .
i like mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .
keep up the good work guys !
stay far away from this place .
their sushi , kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented .
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .
i am happy i did the food was awsome .
went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
i love ess-a-bagel , but i live on the west side , so i often go to murray 's for convenience .
restaurant with a view
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
service was also very good .
katz 's has been a nyc original for over 100 years .
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn .
be careful , when they say spicy , they mean it !
service was decent , but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
for each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
i heartily recommend .
their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , yuck .
this place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
the yellowfin tuna and calf 's liver are my favorites !
jimmy is dominican !
they brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
one of the best chicken tikka masala .
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
and , the honey bbq rib tips are yummy !
i really did n't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of grand central .
everyone is welcomed in as family .
grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
for park avenue i expected so much more .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , i agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
my turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
however , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
vanison was good but not amazing .
i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently .
this establishment is the real deal .
zero ambiance to boot .
also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as i love la pizza fresca ) .
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
the food was absolutely amazing !!
best restaurant in brooklyn
everyone was more then happy with his choices .
maybe tomorrow ; - )
two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
when you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
you ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown .
the menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
the stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
servers are all different , greg is my favorite .
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
have eaten at ginger house several times , and it 's always good .
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan .
highly recommend it !
whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective .
you should pass on the calamari .
the food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
and everytime i go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .
atmosphere is a bore .
the crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
first of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by citysearch 's editorial review .
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
the crab cakes are delicious and the bbq rib was perfect .
i 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( i 'm a daring eater but not that daring ) .
very " normal indian food " , but done really well .
anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
one would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
the fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
without the wait or attitude , i would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
when you add it all together , it just does n't seem worth it to me ... especially considering the prices .
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
i 'm told that it is open 24 hrs which is good .
very affordable and excellent ambient !
we had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york .
the food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes .
if only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .
heartland brewery is by far one of the best places in nyc to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
plus they made a perfect martini .
how is this palce still open ?
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
i 'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .
if you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
the other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if i could of licked the plate clean i would of .
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend .
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
the space is traditional in feel .
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
maybe it has improved since then ?
i ca n't imagine how much worse it would have been if we 'd gone at a prime time !
we 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
but they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
i 'll keep this short .
my six year old loved it .
the place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
tasty dog !
i 've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all .
this place has great indian chinese food .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
unfortunately , the food was not something to get worked up about .
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
one of the best
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8 pm .
i recommend ordering in on a weeknight .
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
this place is so much fun .
the comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
amma is nothing special .
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll . . .
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
i would highly recommend this place !
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
if you want americanized chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
we asked for beverages and never received them .
not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate decor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
we did tip , i guess the waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
the food is authentic italian - delicious !
the service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
as a japanese native , i 've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix special , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here .
mermaid inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
between my guest and i , we sampled at least 80 % of the menu , and they were all hits .
planet thai is great !
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
i am indian , and i have tried many indian places in ny .
went there for an office lunch .
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
the food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
definitely a neighborhood favorite .
what a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
katz 's deli is a great ny experience .
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
the waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
this place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of japanese classic cuisine .
the decor is night tho ... but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
the food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
the service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot .
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
we called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
the overall price tag was very very expensive , something i did expect .
this is probably one of my new favorite places .
fine , i wont hang you for that .
the boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
the main entree was also very good .
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
it 's one of our favorite places to eat in ny .
we paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
i have never had anything like it !
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
from the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convienent parking at chelsea piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
not a small feat for good french food in the area .
the food is decent .
would not return for the amount we paid .
the pickles were great addition .
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
when we sat , we got great and fast service .
food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though i wish the pork belly that i ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
was n't going to share but i feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
the food is great ( big selection , reasonable prices ) and the drinks are really good .
suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded .
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
my husband and i take out from here 3-4 times a month .
veal parmigana - better than patsy 's !
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
overall i was impressed and will return , it 's a great qpr ( quality to price ratio ) .
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
it took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
this place is cool enough to be in the east village , but french enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in paris .
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
i love their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
i went there 2times .
now we moved out of the state and every visit to nyc includes a stop here .
we figured we never had argentinian pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
we requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
a pleasant surprise .
we went around 9:30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
the price is reasonable although the service is poor .
owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
so i 've never actually been to m proper , but i 've had it delivered a few times .
it is very overpriced and not very tasty .
kind , attentive wait staff .
what a great place !
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , i do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?
if you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
when he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
definitely will be back !
i love their thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must !
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
i 'm no food critic , but i 'd like to think i have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in ny for the last 11 years .
overall , this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time i have been .
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
i 've been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i 've never been disappointed .
bill a little high , but worth it .
the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
give it a try , menu is typical french but varied .
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
i went here with my boyfriend and another couple .
the food was excellent as well as service , however , i left the four seasons very dissappointed .
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .
based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm .
tiny restaurant with very fast service .
this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
we loved it and will go back !
the homemade guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
get the tuna of gari .
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place .
however , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
perfect for dates !
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
the portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
the food was almost always excellent .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
yum , the chicken is great here .
coming from boston this place is like emma 's pizza in kendall square in cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
i was n't here for the pizza so i ca n't comment on that yet but what i had was very good .
highly recommended for a first date .
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
bring your appetites .
behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all great beer !
each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .
try the pad thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
the downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
we go often for lunch and the place is packed .
the ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
the menu is nothing like the one on the website .
they forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan .
it was so bad i actually refused to pay for my food .
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
we 'd go back again
but on a lazy saturday night , we ended up going .
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the " free " appetizer of olives was disappointing .
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
while the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
i had a great experience .
try the sea bass .
everyone i have spoken too there is super friendly , helpful , and willing to the extra mile for a customer .
i was at rao 's last wed .
our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
the fish was really , really fresh .
i 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
i have been going there since it opened and i ca n't get enough .
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
the big complaint : no toasting available .
i 've eaten at pizza gruppo a few times , but more often i order delivery .
the appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
wonderful !
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good ( kimono shrimp special was excellent ) and has a great atmosphere .
tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn .
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
went for a late weekday lunch .
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
we had a very nice time .
service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .
toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
oh , and i never write reviews -- i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .
i 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
over 100 different choices to create your own .
all in all the food was above average and i would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
ravioli was good ... but i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced .
as much as i like the food there , i ca n't bring myself to go back .
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : cassuolet , steake fritte , tripe stew , etc ; simple stuff .
however , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
i do n't remember what we had ; nothing was memorable .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
hip boutiques and bars on ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
as we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
please be aware that it 's cash or amex only !
i 'm saving up for my next visit .
all i can say is they are fantastic .
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !
i dont how this place is still running .
i love the place .
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a favorite and sweet tasting bread .
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
interior was so so .
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for nyc .
go girls !!!
and i hate to say this but i doubt i 'll ever go back .
it 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
but nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
i came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience .
i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
service was very friendly .
our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
just because it 's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !
i went with jwils .
we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
i 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
i will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
so we sat at the bar , the bartender did n't seem like he wanted to be there .
this restaurant was recommended by a local ... as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes .
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at artisanal last night .
the main draw of this place is the price .
i grew up on these bagels .
what more can you ask for ?
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens , this is among the best .
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite .
the wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
fast service .
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n't just go to zucchero pomodori .
both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal .
the staff offers impeccable service .
well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
horrible food and horrible service .
leon is an east village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic french bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .
just wish they 'd expand .
it was wonderful .
i recomend the chicken milanese .
one would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
the food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
i recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
excellent experience .
you wo n't be dissapointed .
you get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
cute and decorative .
never fails to please .
the quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
while it 's not nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
" the menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as " vegetarians .
food was ok .
it 's simply the best meal in nyc .
skip nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to bark .
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area .
we were n't !
entrees : vanison steak and bison steak .
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
i plan on eating here more often .
i paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
the food there are sastifying .
i found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
most of the booths allow you to sit next to each other without looking like ' that ' couple .
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .
i found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
the spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
we 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
this is n't a value joint .
this place is not worth the prices .
i had filet mignon with garlic mash .
but too far east !
great neighborhood joint .
a coworker and i tried pacifico after work a few fridays and loved it .
it was horrible .
try the cheesecake !
go for it !
we started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
the food is amazing !!!!
priced at upper intermediate range .
this restaurant used to be pretty decent .
meal was very expensive for what you get .
my friends spoke so much about it for months , i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
not because i was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
( i 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
another great thing about glechik-everything is very cheap !
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to northern italy with one bite .
this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
they do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
for those of you who do n't know , uni is sea urchin in japanese , which happens to be my favorite . )
try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
this place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within doyers , right off of pell st ( barber 's alley ) in chinatown .
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
decor is charming .
reliable , fresh sushi
it 's a perfect place to have a amazing indian food .
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !
the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
all in all , i do n't see how you can go wrong .
there is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
my favorite place lol
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
so , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
the food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings i 've had .
it 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
indo chinese food , pretty good ...
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more !
it was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-i 've had better for less elsewhere !
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
i went to common stock for brunch and i was so impressed .
the music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .
we were very impressed with the food and value .
the service is awful .
i suspect this restaurant is what rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
good for a quick sushi lunch .
try it !
but $ 1 for each small piece ???
the food was just awful , atrocious actually .
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
my roommate and i love this place .
as to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i do n't have to rush off to a show .
the dim sum here is only so-so .
to begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
however , for what we spent , overall , it just was not up to par .
here 's the thing , you 're in the best city in the world for restaurants .
i love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also very good .
this is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
when he 's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
you ca n't go wrong with this place .
would never go back there .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their tart of the day .
the food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
the potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
but do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
we had a good time .
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
i 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris .
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n't just go to zucchero pomodori .
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
one of my favorites though was the angry lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
deff recimmend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
the lox is always fresh too .
a great choice at any cost and a great deal .
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
i went to kitchenette this weekend for brunch .
get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
the place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
i ordered from here last week .
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
i just read mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - as everyone says , the spicy tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
do n't go there !
when my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more ) i ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget if you never go , you 'll miss a meal of your life time
love it .
it 's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street .
my fav was the sassy lassi ...
but overall i give it a 10
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .
this is the cheers of new york , whether you 've ever been there or not .
the place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
but the coconut rice was good .
given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
you will be satisfied .
the restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
the pizza was pretty good and huge .
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
the have a great cocktail with citrus vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
it is simply amazing .
and never strayed .
there is not a single place in chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here .
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
most importantly , food is excellent .
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
but the meals were terrible .
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .
it 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
in conclusion , this place sucks !!!
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
the menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
waitstaff is great , very attentive .
i know because i live nearby .
tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place ( the first being joya ) .
order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
i 'm from england , and haru 's was the best i had in nyc .
restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
once for dinner and once for brunch .
had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
it 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .
interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .
my first experience at siam square was very pleasant .
as for the bar , this is another bad idea .
the drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , i would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to tamari .
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for chinatown ) alternative .
i have never had a bad meal ( or bad service ) @ pigalle .
we 'd go back again
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
the restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
great atmosphere
the food was just ok , i would never go back .
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
they never came back to refill our glasses again .
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
for authentic thai food , look no further than toons .
the food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
after reading the posts , i was always skeptical to go to the minnow , despite living in park slope .
very different than regular dimsum places .
i got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
it helps if you know what to order .
i thought i had died and gone to heaven .
the photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
we ended up in little italy in late afternoon .
this place has the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
i have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
this place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent .
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
his drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
i was in love with pongsri on 48th , but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
if you 've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
my friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( and look like ) .
murray wo n't do it .
was there friday night .
i went there after hearing how great it was .
the lox is always fresh too .
the lunch special is an asbolute steal .
ca n't wait to go back .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
my entire family was horrified .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
i was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
the waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
they do n't walk around with the trays of dim sum .
be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions .
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
would definitely visit again .
the bread is top notch as well .
we will come back !!!
when it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !
the environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
veal parmigana - better than patsy 's !
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix : appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .
it was delicious and large !
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
this is also where i was from .
i 've been here twice now .
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
they even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
i am so coming back here again , as much as i can .
good luck getting a table .
the veal was incredible last night .
also they were $ 15 each !
all of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
service is great , takeout is good too .
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout , but service terrible .
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
my husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
disappointing food , lousy service .
the waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
and kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across .
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .
the food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
i highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
similar to other indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
do n't know what the others on the block were like but we were pleased with our choice .
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
i live a block away and go to patsy 's frequently .
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
i thought i had died and gone to heaven .
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
the menu looked good , except for offering the chilean sea bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
my husband and i enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
you want to have a real hot dog in brooklyn ?
nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at amma are just too obvious .
though it 's been crowded most times i 've gone here , bark always delivers on their food .
oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
if you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm .... . everything is just delicious .
really depends on your luck !
this is where the aforementioned line was .
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
this is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
it 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
the staff is courteous and friendly .
you can not go wrong with this place .
my wife and i went to water 's edge for a romantic dinner .
menu - uneventful , small .
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
i have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - i dont mind .
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
good luck getting a table .
the flavors robust and subtle .
rather than eating the meat entree being offered , i requested a vegetarian dish .
for a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
i had a great experience .
staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
this place is worth an one-hour drive .
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
to be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful .
i also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
just straight up cheap , good food .
of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn .
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it .
ca n't wait to go back .
i highly recommend cafe st. bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
skip this location and go to the one in soho .
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food .
seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
the management was less than accomodating .
if you like sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try yokocho .
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
i had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , i 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all .
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
the wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
plus , on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
what more could you want ?
they have authentic indian at amazin prices .
do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
my girlfiends and i ate at o.g. again last night .
that place was awesome , , , sally !
best indian restaurant in the city
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood .
nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale italian decor .
we left , never to return .
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !
the lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant .
my girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite .
a must try !
i understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto - yum ! ) .
quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried .
complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
i know because i live nearby .
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
i can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
he offers subpar service and has no personality .
this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
will not be back .
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
being a vegan myself , i 've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in manhattan -- and zen palate is easily my favorite .
all toppings are so fresh you 'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect , that one actually thinks of how it was made .
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
first walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy .
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .
tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
i have been to roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
when the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
amazing !
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on point .
an excellent service
the food is authentic italian - delicious !
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke .
my biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz 's deli down on the lower east side .
we were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor .
the entire dining experience was wonderful !
they also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional mediterranean fare .
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .
the wine list is also really nice .
while certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
the best pad thai i 've ever had .
i have been to rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
i loving bringing friends here - and i do so every chance i get .
we had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street .
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
the place was quiet and delightful .
i would highly recommend this place !
always full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to rockefeller center ) .
the beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
get the tuna of gari .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
i 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .
we went to ino for valentines .
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !
the food is great , service is ok .
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !
we had pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
from the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .
i have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked .
i will never return .
i am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .
fantastic place .
went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
my wife and i were in nyc celebrating our 30th anniversary .
we only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
the pastas were pretty good .
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area .
well , this place is so ghetto its not even funny .
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
the flavors robust and subtle .
the dancing , white river and millenium rolls are musts .
love the jazz bands on fri and sat .
overall i would recommend it and go back again .
the ambience is very calm and quiet .
the design and atmosphere is just as good .
i go twice a month !
please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
i would definently recommend this restaurant .
the lasagna was probably the best i have tasted .
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town .
aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , will smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
i was there on sat .
do not go to this restaurant .
the food is just okay , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
my favs here are the tacos pastor and the tostada de tinga ...
i live nearby and when they first opened , i ate there a lot .
was her monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages please do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
the service is fantastic .
my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets , and joya is the best .
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
a restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
i 'd definitely recommend this little place .
our experience did not ever get any better .
i ordered the chicken teriyaki and my husband got garlic shrimp .
faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
the entree was also very good .
and the prices were way to high for what you get .
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
what generous portions !
if it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which i recommend jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing roast chicken , go to village !
we will definitely go back .
i went to ruby foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .
it is also extremely well priced .
we always enjoy the pizza .
the counter service is bad .
i 've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
the food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
when she complained , the waitress said , sorry .
if you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
while i 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !
decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
believe me , they live up to the name .
another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
service has always been friendly and efficient .
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
went inside and i started to get excited .
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
the gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
food is excellent .
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there .
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon , which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.
after waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
the prices are not terrible .
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
i 've eaten at many different indian restaurants .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you name it .
give it a try and enjoy .
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch .
the atmosphere is much better than sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of vietnamese places in paris .
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about .
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
great sushi experience .
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .
the drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .
i have been going back again and again .
first off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
the service was attentive , yet discreet .
there are other people waiting !
my father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at ' ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
it was wonderful .
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
i really liked this place .
i must give it yon out of yon stars !
i/we will never go back to this place again .
great atmoshere and worth every bit .
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !
since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
loved it !
the filet mignon dish was superb !
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
i only have friends .
the sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !
the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
i 'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
this place is worth going even if only for their beer .
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
love al di la
i have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
so delicious !!!!!!
great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
wo n't or ca n't is not in the service directory .
culinaria is a welcome addition to the garment district - far better than any restaurant in the area .
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
i reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
the staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
the level of rudeness was preposterous .
this lovely french-asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on smith street .
so rude .
if you wrote a bad review , it 's because you do n't understand what rao 's is all about .
beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
i was wrong .
it just was n't thai .
so close , but not good enough .
the food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
on our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
and i 've been to many nyc delis .
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
if you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
the pizza was pretty good and huge .
there 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
i ca n't wait to go back .
they all know you .
walk-ins are risky too .
you could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other french bistros .
i had a great time at jekyll and hyde !
first it took us a long time to find the place .
the waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
too cold to enjoy .
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew ; salads - all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
my wife and i visited dokebi tonight .
a con was the slow bar service .
as a japanese native , i 've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .
it just was n't thai .
i was glad i did .
average cake thats been courted by a lot of hype .
the bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
i go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
i wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
the sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
this place ... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
a very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
it ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
pricey , but worth a try , at least once .
i 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant i recommend going .
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
no pizza 33 for me !
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good , however .
great , original taste .
we will go back every time we are in the city .
great atmoshere and worth every bit .
overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
on the recommendation of a friend , i checked out arezzo with my wife .
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
i 'll be back soon .
david , daytona beach , fl
the restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
service here was great , food was fantastic .
as many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
i got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
our friends have not arrived yet .
the food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
go here .
i do n't get it , what 's so special about prune ?
decent wine selection too .
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
overall , excellent restaurant !
they have very quick service which is great when you do n't have much time .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
overall , excellent restaurant !
despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick i also love .
ok , i 've been to dumont a few times now .
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , i ca n't wait !
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
the burger was great , also .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the food keeps me coming back !
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
if you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
i ca n't wait to go back .
try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there .
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
if you 're craving for haru 's great food , especially the house roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their sake bar !
we came across this restaurant by accident while at a dumbo art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
it was well worth the wait .
it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn .
sweet irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
i would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
bottom line : b + for the food , f for the service .
after dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in america ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
everything a ny pizza joint should be .
i do not recommend .
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
decent wine at reasonable prices .
it also has lots of other korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
i do n't know about you guys , but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere .
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
stay with the roasted chickens and you 'll be fine .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
the place just is n't ready for prime time .
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
host and hostess was quite rude .
the corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
i 've been to several places for dim sum and this has got to be the worst .
if you 're lucky and there 's not a private party going on back there , you 'll get a chance to really chill out .
we a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
while the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in new york city , there is definitely better food in that range , and so sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which i will return .
sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
the price very reasonable .
i 've never been disappointed .
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york .
i recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year .
interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
my friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
they have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
if this restaurant was in manhattan , i would definitely go more often .
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
the food - not worth the price .
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i 've ever had ) .
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i 'd go out in manhattan .
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
there are numerous shavue restaurants in la , but few out here .
great food
great wine list , reasonably priced . -- sara
it does n't look appetizing as it 's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .
this place is always packed .
the quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
however , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
but , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria .
i love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
i will go back to suan soon !
the food is terrible and overall , i would have to say avoid at all costs .
we did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of korbett it was just enough .
of course , it is crowded but who cares .
the food is nothing like its menu description .
staff is very accomodating .
i would highly recommend .
i really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
this place is great .
not worth the prices .
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
the $ 72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
it took about 2-1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
not worth it .
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
not enough wines by the glass either .
the specials are usually quite good too .
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
i 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
i started going to dosa hut more after that .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
weekends can get crowded , but still highly recommended .
well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
lives up to the hype
i am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and i was still hungry after my visit to this place !
great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
please do n't fool us .
a great choice at any cost and a great deal .
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack .
the food here does a great service to the name ( cantonese that is ... ) .
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a $ $ this is the place to be !!
sum it : local investment bankers like it , try for yourself at least once .
definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the sliced steak entree .
finally !
the restaurant is cute but not upscale .
the ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe 's .
decor is nice though service can be spotty .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
a big disappointment , all around .
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
the staff is also attentive and friendly .
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
i have been going there since it opened and i ca n't get enough .
this was on a tuesday night .
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
$ 170 down the toilet ...
yeah , it 's that good .
went there for an office lunch .
best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
the family seafood entree was very good .
if you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
i 'd definitely go back again .
food is excellent .
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
i just do n't understand all the hype ...
my only complaint might be the fortune cookies - i 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before i visited kar .
big and gawky on the outside .
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two .
black white shakes came out good also .
decor is nice though service can be spotty .
nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
one should not go to lucky strike for the food .
service is not what you are coming here for ...
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there .
to top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
over all it was a very nice romantic place .
highly recommended !
food is always fresh and hot - ready to eat !
i 've waited over one hour for food .
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
this is a fun restaurant to go to .
for a fabulous wedding !
i had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
when we left at 8:00 pm , it was packed and noisy .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
great food .
do n't waste your time , or money !!
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .
they do cater to american palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
you 'll see a lot of people eating there after church .
thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate frosty .
if you are a tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
when i called this morning , i did n't think i would be able to get in at 12 , but i was able to get in , along with four other guests .
the pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , i 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
very pleased
this is the best unknown restaurant in and around new york .
rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
even though i made the reservation at 3 pm for the same night through dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
beautiful experience .
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
so all i 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i 've ever been to .
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky .
plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
and the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
the restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese .
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before , and toons is by far the best thai food ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
this was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
a million better places to go in the city .
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
they specialize in smoothies and fresh juices .
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
go here for the drinks !
way below average
great indian food and the service is incredible .
jimmy is dominican !
shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
my husband and i had a blast .
one of my favorite places in manhattan .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
enjoy !!!
i live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of the pizza place at 3 am .
i was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
love pizza 33 . .
when you want a piece of beef , head on over .
it was wonderful .
the space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
the manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
the well mannered , pleasant staff that tony has in his employ .
i went there with my friend last saturday .
my husband and i enjoy sangria .
i have never had cheescake like this .
how do you rate home ?
the food was average to above-average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
it gets very crowded so i would suggest that you get their early .
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
this is the first place i 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because i have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .
the most fun restaurant i have ever been too !
there are other people waiting !
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
i 'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .
everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
try sushimi cucumber roll .
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
the ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great italian restaurant , drive to corona .
best in all of nyc
the fried dumplings are great !
they were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two .
alain ducasse is the best of everything , i mean everything was excelent . i
great neighborhood joint .
haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on park avenue south and friendly service .
likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then nick and joe 's may not be your favorite .
for authentic thai food , look no further than toons .
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays .
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderful .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
my picks are : - scallion pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - guizhou chicken - shredded squid family style ( one of my personal favorites ) - sichuan spicy soft shell crab - shuizhu fish ( this one is for hardcore sichuan food fans , i would n't recommend to my american friends as it 's very spicy .
not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
thanks bloom 's for a lovely trip .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
the music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as i did , i got a whiff of corriander .
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !
they have some great entrees here as well .
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
no thanks !!!
the place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
this is the first time citysearch did ' t call it right .
this place does n't make any sense
waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well .
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i 've had at this price range .
no free drink .
pizza was a little soggy .
save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
there are no negatives to speak of .
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
we happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , francois , and good service .
on the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
overall a worthwhile experience .
i 've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all .
all my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
while the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
from the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
he takes real pride in his food and his business .
skip dessert .
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
the meat dishes were only so-so .
moderate prices .
all in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
the food however , is what one might expect .
i live on the street this place is on .
when we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
during our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .
i will go back to suan soon !
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
it 's really a takeaway place , i would n't sit if i could take it home .
worth the trip from manhattan .
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , " can i help you " and " how many are in your party . "
just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
overall , i 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its chinatown .
i highly recommend this beautiful place .
despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
how can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i ca n't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
we went around 9:30 on a friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
the staff is unbelievably friendly , and i dream about their saag gosht ... so good .
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .
can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
i lived in maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
it 's cute and simple and i loved it .
i will be going back very soon .
they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
it 's like you are transported to the italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .
it can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
i came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all i got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
the service is ok but could be better .
i wish they would change back to what it was before .
after reading the good reviews of this restaurant , i decided to give it a try with two friends .
this is my fourth try over a two year period , and i 'm done .
ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .
the space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
while i quite liked the food and the ambience , i 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
we were pleasantly surprised .
skip dessert .
three strikes and this restaurant is out .
sometimes you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , things are expensive .
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .
the service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and i would not recommend bringing a date here either .
although the restaurant itself is nice , i prefer not to go for the food .
i wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
great value for the quality ingredients .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must !
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
i 'm going back .
good drink .
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .
you would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
i 'm sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho .
one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
food was average but tasty .
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .
obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong , it actually means great prosperity .
still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly i might add ) .
it took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - i would not reccomend this to anyone that i would want to talk to me again !!
great staff .
our first course was tuna sashimi with green yuzu sauce .
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
the bagel was huge .
the food 's as good as ever .
in addition to great hot dogs , dotp has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and english muffins , a delicious nj-based pork product know to us jersey girls and boys as taylor ham .
we 'll definitly be back again !
i ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
not only would i not recommend jimmy 's restaurants to friends , i would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
i was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
the food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
i love it .
do n't waste money on decor .
i will never visit this restaurant again .
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
over priced , overrated .... stay away !
the service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald 's than this joint .
decor is charming .
there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis .
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets , and joya is the best .
the only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
we were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
the menu has so many fish items and oysters .
it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
we went to ino for valentines .
i though it was expensive and i prefer bella via just blocks away by far .
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
the waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but i 've never been dealt with rudely .
good for dates or with friends .
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
try the pad thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
the caeser salad was great .
our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
food was ok - fish was cooked well .
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc .
the place was nice and calm .
do n't waste money on decor .
i recieved prompt service with a smile .
i heartily recommend .
my sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who do n't know what they are doing .
the frizzy retro girl ( with winged / dame edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
do n't leave without trying one night in tokyo .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
i went here for a family birthday dinner .
boy was i wrong !
having been a long time ess-a-bagel fan , i was surpised to find myself return time and time again to murray 's .
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
every time i visit nyc , i come here .
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the si mall .
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
since i cook for a living , i 'm very fussy about the food i eat in restaurants .
it was our only opportunity to visit and wanted an authentic italian meal .
it first came well done , and i politely sent it back .
stay away from this place .
i 've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .
dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
this place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
decor leaves something to be desired .
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
hurley 's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came .
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
the food and service were fine , however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
we all felt it was worth it .
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
the price is reasonable although the service is poor .
only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for chinatown ) alternative .
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in nyc .
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .
expensive
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
i loved it and will be back soon .
we never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs , so be aware .
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
i was highly disappointed by the food .
enough said !
the worst though was the taste .
so good
the flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
i plan on stopping by next week as well .
we were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
look i dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place ( please try someother places ) .
my wife i lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the ues .
satay is one of those favorite haunts on washington where the service and food is always on the money .
you 'll adore it .
then , if they answer the phone , you 're lucky if they do n't hang up on you !
in reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
try green curry with vegetables .
sake collection was excellent ( try nanbu bijin ) , but pricy .
less wait time for me !
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .
the pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
they could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
the food was exceptional .
and affordable .
i 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
it ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
fish is so very fresh .
the food options rule .
i recommend this place to everyone .
i take all my nyc guests to vt 's .
yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
there is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude .
i asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if i like uni . (
the noodle and rices dishes taste great .
oh , and there 's hookah .
the menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
we ate outside at haru 's sake bar because haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
at this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress walked away .
chinese desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness .
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
we could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
if you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
i thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to chinatown .
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
i loved this place !!
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
to my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
i just do n't understand all the hype ...
not a great place for family or general dining .
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
there was a small wait , but shorter than i expected .
i 've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times , when i have been in the neighborhood .
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .
i have tried literally every restaurant on curry row .
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
but the staff was so horrible to us .
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
food was very good , but not what i would consider out of this world .
as far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
if you want to dine with large party , i recommend to make reservation basement .
it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
nice place though .
food was luke warm .
be careful before you request extra spice .
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like balthazar etc .
everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of mott street just south of canal .
i 'm sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho .
the food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
creative , consistent , fresh .
your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( anywhere ) .
it was horrible .
build a meal with side orders like amazin ' greens salads , buffalo chicken kickers and cinna stix .
as a long-time patron of mamoun 's , i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city .
great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking .
probably would not go back here .
try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
we could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
the food was spicy and delicious .
great food , good wine and an excellent host .
so , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ...
with all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected .
we were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
while they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
and even with it 's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
my husband and i have been there at least 6 times and we 've always been given the highest service and often free desserts .
in fact , two people could really share one plate .
i 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby ( i live on uws ) .
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
i was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
the staff is very sharp and they look good too .
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
the staff is very friendly .
maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but i 've experienced the same with other restaurants so i do n't appreciate such practice .
they outshine hh .
the waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
this was a great surprise .
i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks .
one of my favorite places in brooklyn .
place is open till late , no dress code .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
the food was exceptional .
the food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
haru on park s is simply disgusting .
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
the staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when i dropped it outside .
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach , the shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
if you go to roth 's try to be served by mike , he is great !!
this place , however , has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average .
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
good food
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .
i 've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
the staff offers impeccable service .
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
the bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
recommendations , of course , are required !
it has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
we ate here in march , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
the pizza is good though .
this place is the most japanese it can ever get .
i came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
really .
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly .
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
recommended .
is just the way it was in days gone by .
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
one caveat : some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
wo n't or ca n't is not in the service directory .
the food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery - a wasteland we like to call the sliv .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
the folding chair i was seated at was uncomfortable .
immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
arigato gozimas yuka !
the service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it , they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato .
would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
however , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
i had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
great service , great food .
we come from new jersey to eat at kinoko .
very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slow , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .
she then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
went for mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
single worst restaurant in manhattan
while it was large and a bit noisy , the drinks were fantastic , and the food was superb .
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
the ' kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
the seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
you can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc .
a restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
i have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
he always says , i do n't have customers .
the food was absolutely horrible !
it 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
i did n't go there for food so i ca n't comment .
at peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
i have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in ny and hooked a few new yorkers onto peep as well .
and the food was fantastic .
having discovered ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
the service is perfect too nothing wrong in this italian/french restaurant
now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .
have eaten at ginger house several times , and it 's always good .
an oasis of refinement : food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy soho into queens .
the chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
fantastic place .
the tastes makes your mouth water for more .
just straight up cheap , good food .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at leon last weekend was great - .
the crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
la rosa waltzes in , and i think they are doing it the best .
there was a heat problem to boot , so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats !
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
zero ambiance to boot .
what i did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
definitely not a restaurant to skip !
it 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it !!!
the portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
as a fan of thai , i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst .
we have been to montparnasse many times and return often for good reason .
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .
for all of you new to indian food , try the paneer roll , it is a piece of heaven .
me and my girls will definitely go back .
the sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
overpriced and not tasty
went there last night with my coworker .
its worth the wait though .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
this place is always packed .
one of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
amazing my favorite !!!
good experience
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .
needless to say , i 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
people in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
we picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
the service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
ruby foo 's is a tourist trap .
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
it is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's nyc !
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .
lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for four dollars .
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
i am happy i did the food was awsome .
but $ 1 for each small piece ???
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week 's notice .
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
good food at the right price , what more can you ask for .
food was very good , but not what i would consider out of this world .
i have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
my daughter and i left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
it 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
wretched and retching
chance is a joke .
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
we had great desserts ( including the best cannoli i 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
we had a girls ' night dinner here for restaurant week .
also , the chick peas with shrimp ( appetizer ) is divine .
for years , i thought tuscan cuisine was the best , but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
i 'll keep this short .
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
la rosa waltzes in , and i think they are doing it the best .
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
it is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in bay ridge .
also they were $ 15 each !
will prob . not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once .
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $ 35 menu .
i went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
the food options rule .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
the parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
less wait time for me !
this place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
and i could do without the cigar smoke .
fresh restaurant was amazing ....... . food was delicious and of course fresh .
otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
ciao bella
over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
this is definitely one of the places that i have continued to come back to over the years .
we all ordered different entrees so we could share .
food is great .
the makhani was ok -- the korma was bland .
i do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff ( more than the price ) .
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
before the place did n't call my attention .
this is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
the big complaint : no toasting available .
would definitely go back again .
the staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
we were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
this place is italian , not french .
i had roast chicken and a salad .
the wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
after that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
enjoy !
have been several times and it never dissapoints .
but they do .
horrible experience - stay away !
only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
i 've been there a few times , and i usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
i 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz . of maine lobster in it .
the sushi was awful !
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location .
not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
it had been awhile and i forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
and you never get the feeling that you need to leave .
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
pizza here is consistently good .
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i 've had .
it is not consistent .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
i really recommend the very simple unda ( egg ) rolls .
although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i 'm eating indian cuisine .
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
innovations are just as assured , from the simple carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
i have eaten at saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
my first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
authentic food and they have real service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
this is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both a-listers and people walking in off the street .
for someone who used to hate indian food , baluchi 's has changed my mid .
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
i 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
my co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
the palak paneer was standard , and i was not a fan of the malai kofta .
ruth , mother of the bride
we spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
after dinner , take your date to the huge dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in ny .
but warning : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
the crust was amazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :) :) : )
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
the new york times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
maybe tomorrow ; - )
we had half half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
the sauces used are also not that exciting .
however , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked perrrrrrrrrfect .
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
there is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have major attitude .
but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out .
i felt as though i were eating in paris .
it 's simply the best meal in nyc .
my friends and i go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
the pizza was really good .
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
service is fast and friendly .
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese .... both very tasty .
more important , the sushi rivals the best in tokyo .
my mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .
never again !
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
the wife had the risotto which was amazing .
we could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
i 've been to sotto voce several time , and i have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time !
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .
after all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
maggot in the food !
also very inexpensive .
go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
i recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
open late ( well as late as i ever got there and i 'm a night person )
our teenage kids love it , too .
i also recommend the garlic knots .
the food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
my husband and i both ordered the steak , medium .
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c i live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
need i say more ?
the food was good .
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
it was a very nice surprise .
seriously , this place kicks ass .
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
( always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer !!!
took my mom for mother 's day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
the lamb meat was under-cooked and extrmely chewy .
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had ( i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
but , they were too big for the bun .
dessert is a joke ... dont bother
very romantic fires - i 've literally spent hours at lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
we would return to this place again !
so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .
in about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
great food and the prices are very reasonable .
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
you can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
we have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny -- i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
we usually go to the chart house to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
try the green curry !!!
we paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
overall , worht every penny .
we went there , no one greeted us .
as bfc does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
i go back in line like three times on average until i ca n't walk anymore .
the fried dumplings are great !
the best burger i have had in the village .
they have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
and forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
i was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
the icing made this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
great indian food and the service is incredible .
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
anyway , the owner was fake .
ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
what a ripoff !
chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
the food was good too .
dug the blue bar area too .
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i 'm eating indian cuisine .
also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i 'd drink popcorn topping before i 'd eat another one of these .
terrible experience .
also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
the food is very good , but not outstanding .
going to ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
the staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is wonderful !
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
love this place .
to finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the white chocolate bread pudding with gelato and hot chocolate .
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
the food was wonderful and imaginative .
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .
i was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9 pm on a friday night because she " had a bbq to go to " that night - wtf ??
i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it !
certainly not the best sushi in new york , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays !
a defitely must visit .
desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
kind , attentive wait staff .
i usually get one the vietnamese beef noodle soup .
a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town .
impressed ...
the service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game .
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
i like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
the cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10 + , are delectable .
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
the place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
enough said !
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
cuisine is billed as asian fusion - does n't meet the bill .
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
so my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
it was divine melts in your mouth .
do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .
best taiwanese food in ny !
the food was good overall .
but still my date was bad
this restaurant was way overhyped .
the ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
we left , never to return .
even after a few bad evenings at bardolino , i keep coming back .
this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues .
we parked on the block of nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
good food good wine that 's it .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
it 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
located at the end of a magnificent block .
my picks : guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
and you 're hungry a few hours later .
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
it 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
none was made so i hung up .
while their kitchen food is delicious , their sushi is out of this world .
ou must try this restaurant .
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
the cuisine from what i 've gathered is authentic taiwanese , though its very different from what i 've been accustomed to in taipei .
we went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
oh right , i should probably say something nice .
have a mojito and sit in the back patio .
i was pleasantly suprised .
faan is sooo good .
they had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - result - we had large chunks of burnt rice in our serving bowl .
highly recommended .
the menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
best indian chinese in the city , by far !
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .
we were very disappointed .
i ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
i will have to say , this bengali fast food joint is clearly my favorite .
the spicy mussels are a highlight .
his food is excellent ( and not expensive by nyc standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
the food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
just go and see for yourself .
this is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
small , bright , and clean , bz grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in astoria and out .
not impressed with the food .
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
the owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable .
i 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
love yuka .
it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
but that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .
the food was actually aweful .
however , it is jus too good to not praise it .
once they ran out of gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
did i mention the wine ?
what can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
service was efficient courteous .
montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
all i can say is wow !
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
very affordable and excellent ambient !
normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
the chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( i have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the chilli chicken .
coffee is a better deal than overpriced cosi sandwiches .
creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
we will be back .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
being puerto rican i know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best ( i hope mom does n't read this ! ) .
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
however , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
finally a reliable chinese restaurant !
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
terrible waste of money . . scammers
i would highly recommend .
go here for the drinks !
molto bene !
we will be back .
i have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
the menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that i have tried is absolutely delicious .
consistently good japanese tapas .
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
a + + the service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
i went to ruby foo 's after work with a group of 6 .
because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
molto bene !
the sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
it 's a steal !
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
authentic bistro !
in summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) !!!
sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
ok , for all of us growing up in the village of nyc , we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants , most of which stay open very late .
always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
what is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
they do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
the host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out .
even my indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
the best chicken pad tai , i 've ever had .
pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
they used shredded cheese on top !
good cake but : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
straight-forward , no surprises , very decent japanese food .
i know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .
go inside and you wo n't want to leave .
growing up in ny , i have eaten my share of bagels .
the staff is arrogant , the prices are way high for brooklyn .
service is average .
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
i would just ask for no oil next time .
the avocado salad is a personal fave .
the service is amazing , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .
delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
took my mom for mother 's day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
do n't go .
once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
they kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
it hits the spot every time
the only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to roth 's is the strip house .
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .
the only downside ... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time .
not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
highly recommended .
paul , the maitre d' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
even my indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
the food is reliable and the price is moderate .
go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead .
the service was great as well .
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
i 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
i 'm glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
i loved this place !!
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
the service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
( the sashimi is cut a little thinly .
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
drinks way over priced .
perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it .
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .
searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
our teenage kids love it , too .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
to sum it up : service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average ok .
bravo , blue hill !
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend .
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
hmmm .
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
no thanks !!!
they live up to the thai way of living .
i went there with my friend last saturday .
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service .
love yuka .
keep up the good work guys !
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
the waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce while we were eating our lunch !!!!!
i went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
if just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .
prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ...
also very inexpensive .
the service is a quite slow , but friendly .
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me .
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
what an amazing meal and experience !
the bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
i absolutely love this place !!!
most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
the wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and i always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
it 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
remind me of home .
i am going to the mid town location next .
hats off to the chef .
my goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
they forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
had a great experience at trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - i would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
my friends and i stop here for pizza before hitting the kips bay movie theater .
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
if you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
great food at reasonable prices .
overall , not worth the money .
however , their popularity has yet to slow down , and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait , when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes , the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for ?
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
but the service was a bit slow .
the decor is very simple but comfortable .
the bestt !
this place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in nyc ( and i 'm indian , so i should know ) .
the chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
much more reasonably priced too !
the food was very good and i was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
fine dining restaurant quality .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
prices are in line .
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris .
even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
while this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
they sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
if you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
the wine list is excellent .
bon appettite !!
my girlfiends and i ate at o.g. again last night .
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
it 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown brooklyn ) .
restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
if you love seafood , you would love this place !
the food tasted very good .
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
if that 's a problem , go to mcdonald 's and destroy your insides .
disappointingly , their wonderful saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
they even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
it was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
( always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer !!!
cool atmosphere but such a let down .
over price , and small portions .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
everything i had was good , and i 'm a eater .
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
i highly recommend the sophia pizza .
nice find .
the red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc .
it is definitely special and affordable .
after my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
please try the filet mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork .
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city .
i do n't like indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
the one vegetarian entree ( abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the salt encrusted shrimp appetizer .
you can not go wrong with this place .
both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
first of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by citysearch 's editorial review .
love their drink menu .
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .
the food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i 've had at this price range .
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
we ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
finally , after all the raving i went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be .
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .
even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
planet thai is great !
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible !
i must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
it 's delicious !
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
beautiful experience .
the staff is no nonsense .
i would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
i 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : a new jazz bar , the most fantastic dining garden , the best thin crust pizzas , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
everything i had was good , and i 'm a eater .
i think the stuff was better than disney .
have been several times and it never dissapoints .
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
try the lasagnette appetizer .
best things to order are from the grill ( churrasco and ribs ) .
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
i was n't there for the half-price saturday night special , but tuesday night .
top spot in town for vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
the menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
in addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
give it a try and enjoy .
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
it appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
the perfect spot .
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .
it is thick and slightly soggy .
there is no excuse for such lousy service !
the view is spectacular , and the food is great .
the food was excellent - authentic italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
always great service !
fish was overdone .
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
what you are paying for is the environment and the name .
really depends on your luck !
it helps if you know what to order .
it 's traditional , simple italian food .
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
i got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
it 's constantly open , catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
i seriously doubt i will ever dine at jimmy 's bronx , or for that matter , jimmy 's uptown , again .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine .
having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot .
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
if you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
the atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
amazing food .
old school meets new world .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
i would not recommend meet at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to .
considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
it 's good but , like the movie is never as good as the book , this is same analogy .
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
a small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .
best . sushi . ever .
tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
i had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
the table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , i understood they were busy .
when we sat , we got great and fast service .
his response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
look foward to trying the ruben upon returning .
i 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
so if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
took my sister here before attending a show one evening .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
the entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
for those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all i can say is that they just do n't get it .
unhygienic
the wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
the food is always fresh ...
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
haru on park s is simply disgusting .
small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
try the tandoori salmon !
went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
got a little loud after 8 pm when the joint got full .
we ordered our appetizers , i ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon .
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
service - friendly and attentive .
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
on the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
but for the shabu shabu , you wo n't find much better in ny .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
offerings like hot cakes and the egg mcmuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8 pm .
so close , but not good enough .
even with john 's and joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
not enough wines by the glass either .
the four seasons restaurant is a great experience .
i 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i 'm craving for pho , lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice , this is the place to go .
i 'm going back .
we were very pleasantly surprised .
this will be only the third online review i have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
ahhh ...
got a date ? go here !
we 've found it to be better and fresher than kiku which is comparable in price .
i lived on 50th st , and wanted indian one day so decided to check this place out .
worst place on smith street in brooklyn
way too much money for such a terrible meal .
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
it is terrific , as is the value .
we were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
it 's also attached to angel 's share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
the pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
from the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .
the decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
i 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
service was good and so was the atmosphere .
each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
that 's why you have to pay more for that .
may , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing .
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
a hearty two thumbs up !
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
i look forward to eating here again
this was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
but if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for indian food
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , i felt there was more than enough food .
had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and - presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc .
the wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , la villa ca n't be beat .
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
thr at moshphere is compact , modern , yet cozy .
its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car ( i happen to live in inwood ) .
there is " expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " expensive-and-wtf " ?
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
in fact , you ca n't miss it .
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
for great chinese food nearby , you have wu liang ye and grand sichuan just a block away .
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
everything about this restaurant was special .
my six year old loved it .
less = more in their case .
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine !
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
the sake complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
we bring in a party of ten or so every week .
unbelievable .
the white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
i 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square .
the mussles were the fishiest things i 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne chicken had bones in it ... it was disgusting .
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .
for a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
again , i 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
out of the hundreds of italian restaurants in queens , this is among the best .
after the review i treked into brooklyn .
this restaurant is vegetarian ; there are no meat dishes whatsoever .
and the food is fantastic .
we had lava cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it .
stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently .
the food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , i do n't like being cramp in a corner .
great find in the west village !
because the waiters need severe attitue adjustments .
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it .
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
service is top notch .
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
while we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and slow service ) and lack of remorse .
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
finally , i got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .
not because you are " the four seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
by far , the best pizza in manhattan .
i went there with a few friends and will return .
great food , great prices , great service .
would n't recomend it for dinner !
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emilio ( the godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
i definitely will go back .
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
having moved i truly miss this place .
service was on par but not wonderful .
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
have the iced tea .
okay service .
we will go back every time we are in the city .
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
the food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
great pizza and fantastic service .
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a.
save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i 'd drink popcorn topping before i 'd eat another one of these .
the ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner .
guess what , i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , " oh well , i wish you would have said something earlier " no apology , nothing .
great pizza and fantastic service .
while the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , i have never experienced more incompetency .
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
i have been living in nyc for bit now and i have to say i love to go out and explore the scene .
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
why do people rave about the ambience .
i thought going to jimmys would give me a real domincan exprience .
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
and the food , well the food will keep you coming back .
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
i 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
i would go back .
they are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
this restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .
the anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
the food here was mediocre at best .
the food portions are really large .
old school meets new world .
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
now at the top of our list , del frisco 's steakhouse .
it is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
stay away
i highly recommend it .
i love their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
i went for restaurant week .
unbelievable .
i actually gave patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .
you will find everything about trio to your liking !
all-time favorites include the big mac , chicken mcnuggets , filet-o-fish sandwich and mcdonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
the food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
even better , they know how to cook french classics like steak au poivre and onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
the food however , is what one might expect .
not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again , i will certainly stop by .
the food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city .
highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
that said , i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i 've ever had .
salads were fantastic .
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes .
only complaint is the pricing -- i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
please do n't fool us .
amazing !
my chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , westernized japanese dishes such as foie gras unagi napolean , jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .
food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
we did have to wait at the bar for approx .
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .
i go twice a month !
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
taxan delicious !
avoid this place !
you can do it here .
the service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
the $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
maybe it was the great company ( i had friends visiting from philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but i just ca n’t say enough good things about this brasserie .
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors .
i used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it .
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i 've had .
while the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best i have ever had !
but that is highly forgivable .
i loved it and would highly recommend .
i was very disappointed with this restaurant .
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn ...
inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
lol
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever .
just because p diddy had a party at butter does n't mean we should be automatically impressed .
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
the frankenstein show was the best .
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
had a late night dinner on a saturday night .
service , however , was excellent ... and i liked the setting / atmosphere a lot .
then , get ripped on free box wine .
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
growing up in ny , i have eaten my share of bagels .
the location is perfect .
service was prompt , friendly and great .
the food is good .
very cozy and warm inside .....
i have lived in japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in japan .
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
for the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other japanese restaurants .
oh yes , and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , i would love to know where they obtained .
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications .
there 's candlelight and music .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
service was among the best i have ever had in nyc .
be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
the food is good , i ca n't lie .
i have been going back again and again .
the food was so-so .
this was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
we were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
such nice people working here - but i have to review the food .
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
taj mahal offeres gret value and great food .
the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
i found the food to be just as good as its owner , da silvano , just much less expensive .
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
however , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
it is expensive but well worth the money .
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food !
good , fast service .
the food is excellent !
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .
great wine , great food .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
it 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
please take my advice , go and try this place .
i 'm telling you ...
great food , great decor , great service .
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
did i mention that the coffee is outstanding ?
i do n't think i would go again .
all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
by the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs and we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
the price very reasonable .
we ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
the staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
it was tiny and i felt like i was eating in someone 's living room .
i am amazed by the poor reviews - i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
again , no apology , no is there anything else i can get you , no can i get you a drink to make up for it , nothing !!!!
prices are very good .
a nice find in the neighborhood .
one of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
love the food .
to the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
drinks : 2 glasses of dom perignon at $ 35 each .
when i 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , i head for cafe st. bart 's .
two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
great taste
sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
the puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
we ended our great experience by having gulab jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
it takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
my suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
i thought this place was totally overrated .
just go in and sample the greatest french food west of daniel .
good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
i had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
my husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
yes , it is good , but i 've had better for cheaper .
but overall i give it a 10
it 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
on a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt .
i have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
it 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
we 'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a monday night .
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
the sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone .
we ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
will absolutely visit again .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day , while chic , art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night .
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
we were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
just bring someone who speaks cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
for some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon .
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
and there 's no way out .
when the main course finally arrived ( another 45 mins ) half of our order was missing .
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a. being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
the all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
this place has the best sushi in the city .
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
be careful of portions - they 're huge .
the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
( 1 ) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of mott st. just south of bayard
the establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
we been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine 's dinner .
i am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places i have tried with higher ratings .
for instance , plates were just dumped on the table , i was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
our server was very helpful and friendly .
they did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
the worst excuse for japanese food i 've ever encountered .
it is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up .
you ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown .
the service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
overall , not worth the money .
gross food – wow
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
my friends spoke so much about it for months , i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
i am so coming back here again , as much as i can .
so much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
coming from boston this place is like emma 's pizza in kendall square in cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
the worst excuse for japanese food i 've ever encountered .
the food was actually aweful .
slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
a must try !
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
i 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so i can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
leave the kids at home !
we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
i had the best ravioli ever .
and even with it 's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
overall , the best bagel in town .
i never had anything i did n't like here .
the service was quick and friendly .
this is the best thing in soho .
compared to ess-a , tal offers a less doughy bagel !
there is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
too bad , has a lot of potential .
so , again , give it a try .
it 's true , this place is not cheap .
loved it !
i was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .
all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the al di la staff .
siam square is fairly new to the neighborhood and i think in time will gain the recognition it deserves .
this made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
the crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped , but it has old school charm .
finally !
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde .
great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
i 'd call it an ' italian dinner ' .
the food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
will absolutely visit again .
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
wine list is not huge but def well selected .
the ceiling is amazing !
i had my eyes on this place , promising myself i will one day ' give it a try . '
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
when i called this morning , i did n't think i would be able to get in at 12 , but i was able to get in , along with four other guests .
i have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .
there is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
the rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
when going out for a nice dinner , i like a nice ambiance as well as very good food .
arigato gozimas yuka !
the service was typical short-order , dinner type .
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices ...
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
this restaurant was way overhyped .
the food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
i visit new green bo when i have money or when i am broke .
i think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
make sure you try this place as often as you can .
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
it was delish and i did n't feel bad eating it .
i would only go for the coffee which is way better than starbucks or the like .
food was okay , nothing great .
it took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
the owner truly caters to all your needs .
my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
try the peanut butter sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .
we waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
the food now is inconsistent .
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane .
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
food - awesome .
-- eat club is a roving group of nyc gluttons
the food is good , i ca n't lie .
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
however , i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
we were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
the pizza was great .
murray wo n't do it .
but too far east !
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
have to tell you : not at all impressed .
i will definetly be going back .
highly highly highly recommended !
the menu has lots of options : i hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
would never go back
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
nice for one time special occasion .
they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks and their pita bread !
nice value .
my personal favorite is nick and joe 's .
it is not consistent .
highly recommended !!!!!
the eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !
decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
good bagels and good cream cheese .
great food , great lay out and awesome service .
its located in greenewich village .
bison was quite excellent however .
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is # 1 .
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !
i ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
quartino is my favoriate resturant in nyc .
incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant .
the music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with brahma .
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
i do n't think i would go again .
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
he ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .
the fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
this place is incredibly tiny .
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
we picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
finally a reliable chinese restaurant !
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
best dining experience in the west village !
it 's all about the food !!
all in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues .
so , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
we 've been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
but people from sichuan will die for it ) - chongqing hot pot , chongqing was the biggest city of sichuan , now became an independent province .
this is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the basil slice .
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
the food was authentic .
patsy 's pizza = true love
malted milk ball gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
it is bland and nothing extrodinary .
first of all dal bukhara rocks .
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
keep up the good work .
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .
if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , kai may not be the best option .
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips - good but a far cry from what the name implies .
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emilio ( the godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
will give it another chance before i write it off .
the halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing i can say about the meal .
village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
nha trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
a plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while i was there .
the restaurant has a family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
i did n't expect to like nosh as much as i did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich i had was otherworldly , the soups are like mom 's , and the knishes give yonah schimmel 's a run for its money .
i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return .
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
while this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
some baby pizzas get their wish .
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
maitre-d - " eat and get out "
always great service !
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
by far , the best pizza in manhattan .
not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , i called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
i ca n't wait for the nex time .
the food was boring and expensive .
look elsewhere .
a big disappointment , all around .
the fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
my boyfriend asked me if i wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead , while he de-skinned the chicken so that i could enjoy the white meat .
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
how pretentious and inappropriate for mj grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese .
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
dessert was also to die for !
the sushi is also great !
this place is a great bargain .
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .
loved it
we were very pleasantly surprised .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
service was also very good .
thank you everyone at water 's edge .
the french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
we started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
good drink .
i went to amma after a friend recommended it .
i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
the food is good , the teriyaki i recommend .
brick oven gallery is my pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
if you do n't like it , i do n't know what to tell you .
i 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
i 've never been treated so rudely .
i was in love with pongsri on 48th , but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
the wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
the wine the service was very good too .
unlike hh up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
my husband and i moved to nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here , peasant has been our favorite !
i 've been to joya twice and i will never go again .
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful .
really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
i have eaten a lot of pizza here .
frankly , the chinese food here is something i can make better at home .
delish and made to your liking !
i love this cozy around the way rest .
it is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
and the tom kha soup was pathetic .
they were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
in fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
we 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
i did n't complain , i liked the atmosphere so much .
finally a curry that i can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
was there friday night .
i stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway .
the buffet had a nice selection .
service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
the food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , i thought it was just annoying .
the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
the food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
bobb v 's is a great place to take your friends and family !
i will be going back very soon .
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
great place , great value .
it was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ....
the food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
there are many french bistros in the midtown area , and i wholheartedly recommend this one .
food is average , and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi 's tastes better .
the bagel was huge .
she replied " well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . "
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .
it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown .
i think i 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
good for dates or with friends .
orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food , and french service as well .
after we got our sashimi order , i could not believe how small the portions were !
instead of wasting your time here : support restaurants that care about food .
sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know sal , is to know new york .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
we live nearby bfc .
the seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5 pm and it was very crowded and noisy .
the octopus eaters were floored by the octopus salad .
but the staff was so horrible to us .
went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
not what i wanted to hear .
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
delivery is fast too .
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
definitely highly not recommended .
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city .
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
this is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee !!
overall , the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
how do you rate home ?
but that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .
the hostess said " wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together " , to which i replied " no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . "
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
probably my worst dining experience in new york , and i 'm a former waiter so i know what i 'm talking about .
however , it is jus too good to not praise it .
everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
) it 's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
the restaurant was quiet and intimate .
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
it was pretty inexpensive too .
so , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , i would say try it .
my boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
they have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .
my husband and i have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
the appetizers are also delicious !
... and that 's saying a lot .
this bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
i recommend it !
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
they make the best pizza in new jersey .
the design is very intimate and romantic .
we will definitely go back .
we go often .
i think i 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
keep up the good work .
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic .
however , service was as plain as sesame crusted salmon i had .
what ?
but i 'd go back
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
the dim sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
the counter service is bad .
i was so stunned , and i left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
i 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
i went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .
service was slow , but the people were friendly .
no apologies during restaurant week .
do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
the decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
the sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
my friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend .
i was wrong .
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
if you are in the area try the bagel shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd ave.
when we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years .
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience .
the food was bland oily .
hey , i think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
highly recommended !!!!!
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
if you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
going to bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
this is a true gem of the village .
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
delicious .
the food is delicious .
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
best meal in a long time !
but for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
my friends and i showed up on a sat .
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix .
fine dining restaurant quality .
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
not a great place for family or general dining .
go to japanese sushi place or spanish tapas place - this creation in williamsburg is a misstake .
worth the trip from manhattan .
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
the one positive thing i can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening .
also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
last tuesday for a late lunch with a friend .
delicious crab cakes too .
we 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
it was divine melts in your mouth .
a beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic .
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .
if you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
i ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
they 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as i love la pizza fresca ) .
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel .
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
the service was outstanding .
i 've had better chicken at bbqs !!!!
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
this place does n't get the publicity that sylvias soul food restaurant does , but it should .
the service is descent even when this small place is packed .
this is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
great indian food
chennai garden is my favorite indian restaurant in the city .
no , really .
i grew up on these bagels .
i would go back tho .
chef waldy 's always measures up .
you are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in bay ridge .
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
i will not be coming here at 3 am again .
the food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
the food was really good , i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
very nice touch that very much fits the place .
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i 'd never heard of before .
the food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
every course was better than the next .
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here .
for meetball night .
its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
you should pass on the calamari .
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent .
helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
the decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
my wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
i never had an orange donut before so i gave it a shot .
starters : kobe beef sashimi .
if you go here - your focus should be the tamarind margaritas .
we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
this is the best italian restaurant in the city .
we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
we 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
other apetizers and food
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
i come here enjoy very much with husband .
if you go here , do it on his off-night .
we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the past !
drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
we were less than impressed .
i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
the aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
we were a group of 8 and well seved .
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like balthazar etc .
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
i have been to rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
wont come back again for sure !
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
service is top notch .
the high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
the production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.the food sublime for the most part .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
you feel like you made it to new york when you eat here .
we wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
raymond the bartender rocks !
the dim sum however was very good .
other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
i love it .
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm so delicious
it 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity and quality ) .
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly . the
the food arrived in about 15 minutes .
really though , where 's the seasoning ?
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !
i heard the lobster roll was excellent .
since the first time i came here i 've been hooked .
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
the man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
it hits the spot every time
no desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
good creative rolls !
best reuben sandwich ever !
atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
if only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town .
the service is good and the resturant is clean .
appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
great vibe , lots of people .
his wife tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
i 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy 's bronx cafe .
the decor is very simple but comfortable .
i think the restaurant was too loud ( when full ) to be romantic .
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
go for the seafood paella for two .
a nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
i have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
great selection of wine , and seafood .
this is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
when i arrived at orsay i was thrown back , in a veyr good sense .
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for purple haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
this place is so much fun .
anytime and everytime i find myself in the neighborhood i will go to sushi rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
it 's a small cute restaurant .
i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
we went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
they treat me like family , morning and night .
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
a real dissapointment .
they bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( i tried them all ) .
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
over .
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
i would go back .
good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
not only does make the best pizza in ny , maybe anywhere .
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .
my girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that i was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
a great addition to smith street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing ugg boots .
raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
there is no excuse for such lousy service !
vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
ask for usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
it is so romantic .
mmmmm ... it was delicious .
the bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they do n't make you by bottles .
while the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything i 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
( that is a must , but not every restaurant can do ... )
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night .
rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in nyc .
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
the people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak english , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
i read about this place in time out magazine .
always busy but fast moving .
the food is great and reasonably priced .
the sides were ok and incredibly salty .
but they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
this time , i prefer not to go into detail .
also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
btw , the service is very good .
just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the west village sushi restaurants .
just ignore the trendy wannabes .
but who says murray 's is anything about service .
i love this place !
we had reservations at 9 pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
unbelievable .
the hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
i 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
went to village last night for my birthday .
we got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
just ignore the trendy wannabes .
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
so eat fast and order a lot .
i find that most kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best i 've eaten so far .
the service was on point - what else you would expect from a ritz ?
it 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience !
my friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
sum it : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
do not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
everything is delicious , though , my gf and i come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !
i went to df for valentines day dinner .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is ok .
but $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't include wine ?
never got an explanation as to what was going on .
while the food was good ( certainly no il mulino ) the service was horrendous .
anyhow , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner .
i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently .
when you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
big wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !
whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
reasonable prices .
the wine list is extensive and impressive .
waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
i can eat here every day of the week really lol love this place ... )
this is the pinnacle of indian fast food ( all fast foods in my opinion ) .
pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people .
but i would n't wan na live there .
i could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
this place has the best pizza .
the service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
this place has the best indian food in new york , hands down .
service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night .
they 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
the soup is pretty good too .
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
and really large portions .
the food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
service was slow , but the people were friendly .
our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
they are amazing !
most importantly , food is excellent .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
in terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
no you 're going to go back because the food was good .
seriously , this place kicks ass .
after we ate our appetizers ( which took all of 8 minutes ) we ordered another round of brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
i absolutely loved this place .
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
the ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
i 'm amazed we have n't been kicked out of this place yet .
anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
i recommend it !
this was my frist time at cafe st. bart 's and i must say how delicous the food and the service was .
the guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
i also ordered the change mojito , which was out of this world .
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
not only is the food
it was wonderful .
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
it costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
i do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ’ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
the service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
the service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
the kitchen however , is almost always slow .
i do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
but not in a good way .
you guys are awesome !
this was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
if your into thai . . you can not miss this great restaurant .
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .
good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
you guys rock .
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
they have homemade pastas of all kinds -- i recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x .
i came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly .
guess the 555soul ads did n't launch her big modeling career .
the falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
the food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
i loved the shows .
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
this thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from sripraphai ( another delicious thai restaurant ) .
ca n't wait to go back .
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll . . .
their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for purple haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
so for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
i like cafe noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit .
my friend had a burger and i had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
it costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
i am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
this is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business !
emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
the food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
why ?
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
it was good , but none of the flavors wow .
i have eaten at some of the ' best ' sushi joints in nyc ( nobu , bond street , jewelbako , etc ) and yamato is my favorite .
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
they charge different prices all the time .
not only have i worked in restaurants for many years , i am now in culinary school , i am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half korean !
i have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .
celebrated my fathers birthday here .
we thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .
the sake menu should not be overlooked !
everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
we were less than impressed .
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food .
not worth it .
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
everyone must come here at least once .
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .
the place was real empty but that was because this was the first sunday they ever opened .
saul is the best restaurant on smith street and in brooklyn .
the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
this place is the most japanese it can ever get .
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
bad staff
the waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito 's home .
i was pleasently surprised at the taste .
the place was nice and calm .
if you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
however , our main course was wonderful .
came looking for this place because i heard good things .
have always had a great time here .
i 'm partial to the gnocchi .
small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
we concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
the prices are wonderfully low .
i 've waited over one hour for food .
the service was attentive .
for $ 760 for 2 people , it 's a once in a lifetime experience .
i 'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud .
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .
so sorry i ca n't rate this better .
service was good and food is wonderful .
i have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at la lanterna .
the quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
they have authentic indian at amazin prices .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is # 1 .
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
the service was attentive , yet discreet .
highly recommended to all !
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
it 's the kind of place i like to support !
our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
tasty but expensive .
well worth the trip , close to city hall and downtown subway stops .
the food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
the bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
just because it 's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !
in any event , this is a place i 'll be sure to stop by again when i 'm in this part of town .
do n't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
their coffee is quite good too !
will give it another chance before i write it off .
but that is highly forgivable .
if you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
make sure you try this place as often as you can .
killer sushi !
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
i definitely would n't go back .
great experience overall .
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
i love ess-a-bagel , but i live on the west side , so i often go to murray 's for convenience .
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
there are much better places in ny with better prices .
but the best pork souvlaki i ever had is the main thing .
the calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
the food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds .
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
i recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
i have been to mary 's many times and i like it .
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
favorite sushi in nyc
not what i would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
our food was great too !
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great .
my boyfriend and i were in ny for a few days and pastis was a place that came recommended .
it is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
this diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
the waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
the atmosphere is n't the greatest , but i suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
they 're are better taiwanese restaurants and they are located in flushing , queens .
this is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
it was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray 's , sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the outstanding pizza !
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
just not good at all .
this place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8:30 .
hurley 's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came .
however , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
not cheap but very yummy .
amma has the worst value for money i have experienced in nyc over the past 2 years .
they never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
to dine at thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
the manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
too bad latin quarters closed .
the banana pudding they serve has never seen an oven , the crabcakes are way over salted and do n't get me started on the very greasy mac and cheese .
not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
all the nyu students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
for two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
the italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the ues ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .
my friends and i came across this place while walking in the village .
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 10:15 .
it was pretty inexpensive too .
going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook .
delivery service is great too .
from the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
nevertheless , i finished my plate , and that 's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
the food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent .
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .
i was pleasantly suprised .
this was my frist time at cafe st. bart 's and i must say how delicious the food and the service was .
i 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
the atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .
i have to say the place was awesome .
the food was very well prepared .
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
check out the secret back room .
was surprisingly disappointed .
do n't waste your time or your money .
i have been in many restaurants all over the city and roth 's steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .
