this is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
it 's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book .
the food was great and the service was even better .
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern japanese food for the foreseeable future .
and the food is fantastic .
what makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in nyc that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
in fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
over priced , overrated .... stay away !
it 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown brooklyn ) .
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
and when i visit her i make it a point to eat at ' ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
go hungry and enjoy .
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
try the sea bass .
buon appetito !
yeah , it 's that good .
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
the halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing i can say about the meal .
the bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
delivery is fast too .
excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
for two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
suan was a recommendation that i am glad we heeded .
consistently good japanese tapas .
the falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
food is excellent .
bison was quite excellent however .
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
the big complaint : no toasting available .
i was on jury duty , rode my bike up centre street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and hibiscus lemonade .
will never be back .
this restaurant was way overhyped .
salads were fantastic .
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
the food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings i 've had .
their coffee is quite good too !
i 've been coming here on and off for the past five years and i have to say that la lanterna has never , ever dissapointed me .
the atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark .
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
the service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
it is so romantic .
this is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
the mussles were the fishiest things i 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne chicken had bones in it ... it was disgusting .
i have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews i got take out last week .
i will be going back very soon .
noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food i enjoy .
the menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
great value for the quality ingredients .
behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
wonderful at holiday time .
the most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
this place is italian , not french .
keep up the good work .
ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
they even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
ess-a-bagel ( either by sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .
i was wrong .
the most fun restaurant i have ever been too !
even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
we were very disappointed .
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
the chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
three strikes and this restaurant is out .
but who says murray 's is anything about service .
the food options rule .
my wife and i recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
we were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
i have never had cheescake like this .
my husband and i enjoy sangria .
the wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
the food tasted very good .
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
we were very pleasantly surprised .
i think i 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
not because you are " the four seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
esp . during happy hour !
wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the food keeps me coming back !
staff is very accomodating .
i 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
cute and decorative .
and comparing it to the chinatown restaurants is simply not fair .
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .
gross food – wow
for the quality of food , a little too expensive .
the wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
i would highly recommend .
i can say that the wraps , burgers and salads were all fresh , tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was well worth the money .
no apologies during restaurant week .
amma has the worst value for money i have experienced in nyc over the past 2 years .
but when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
the food is nothing like its menu description .
the food was really good , i had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
in fact , two people could really share one plate .
she gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
run do n't walk .
i heartily recommend .
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
the food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
waitstaff are very friendly .
in mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .
service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
great taste
this place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
i found the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have been there .
it has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
the staff is no nonsense .
i 'm saving up for my next visit .
had an awful experience at casa la femme on a saturday dinner .
it 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
what we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
this is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
the main draw of this place is the price .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in brooklyn .
the happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
make sure you try this place as often as you can .
it 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
the place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee !!
i just do n't understand all the hype ...
the menu is great , with a good selection , and everything that i have tried is absolutely delicious .
saturday , nov. 6th i had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
it was raining , and we figured why not ?
we were pleasantly surprised .
we ate here in march , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
this place has the best sushi in the city .
the meat dishes were only so-so .
we try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than roth 's we are always disappointed .
i 've waited over one hour for food .
the frankenstein show was the best .
i also ordered the change mojito , which was out of this world .
so we sat at the bar , the bartender did n't seem like he wanted to be there .
monday nights are a bargain at the $ 28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus * three * glasses of wine paired with each course .
one less manhattanite the better .
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i 'd drink popcorn topping before i 'd eat another one of these .
you feel like you made it to new york when you eat here .
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
really cool stauff inside .
food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
always great service !
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
good for dates or with friends .
the food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
i ordered a chicken teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
all the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that i have had in the city .
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
the food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
pizza here is consistently good .
the food was just awful , atrocious actually .
i had the pad thai and the noodles were sticky .
the place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
nice value .
however , it is jus too good to not praise it .
the establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
after hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
please try the filet mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
beef noodle soup is good as well .
the food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
it 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
we have tried every thai restaurant between atlantic avenue and 4th streets , and joya is the best .
the food there are sastifying .
i had filet mignon with garlic mash .
the manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
however , it is jus too good to not praise it .
but too far east !
fine , i wont hang you for that .
i have been twice to this restaurant .
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
we ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
i had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
so much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
amma is nothing special .
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read .
the dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
good for a quick sushi lunch .
ca n’t believe how an expensive nyc restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
the food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
it is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
the service was quick and friendly .
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
the food was actually aweful .
i could n't reccommend their godmother pizza any higher .
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic .
shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
that place was awesome , , , sally !
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
a little crowded but they move that line really fast !
their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
if you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , kai may not be the best option .
dokebi gives williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
it ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
try the pad thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
super yummy pizza !
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .
the staff is arrogant , the prices are way high for brooklyn .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
if you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
the lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great .
so some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
disappointing food , lousy service .
great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
her review is above .
the place is clean , and if you like soul food , then this is the place to be !
it only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
being a vegan myself , i 've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in manhattan -- and zen palate is easily my favorite .
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
i trust the people at go sushi , it never disappoints .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
after my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
the food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
no refills on fountain drinks , though .
overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
the food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
a hearty two thumbs up !
this place is amazingly bad .
it is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in nyc with a week 's notice .
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .
try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
from the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that i ca n't remember because of the fabulous cakebread cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
drinks way over priced .
best meal in a long time !
this was on a tuesday night .
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
i would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
there are other people waiting !
now called nikki sushi , sushi is ok .
i thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
this place is worth an one-hour drive .
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .
stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
it 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it !!!
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
this place is always very crowded and popular .
all the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
we bring in a party of ten or so every week .
it took 100 years for parisi to get around to making pizza ( at least i do n't think they ever made it before this year ) ... but it was worth the wait .
straight-forward , no surprises , very decent japanese food .
and $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .
great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
the ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at joe 's .
such a disappointment ...
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york .
now at the top of our list , del frisco 's steakhouse .
i 've been eating at taj mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the indian eateries on this block of indian restaurants .
i love ess-a-bagel , but i live on the west side , so i often go to murray 's for convenience .
atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
the italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the ues ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the ny yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
on our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
not only does make the best pizza in ny , maybe anywhere .
they do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
from the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
ask for usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
fine dining restaurant quality .
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
we did n't even see a menu , as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes .
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town .
we recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since i had my yorkie with me .
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
so good
do n't look down your nose at me like that ...
gigino 's in wagner park is so enjoyable .
try it !
though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
while the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
the steak tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
the food is authentic italian - delicious !
it is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !
when we left at 8:00 pm , it was packed and noisy .
if you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
a million better places to go in the city .
wow .
just awsome .
highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night i had !
delicious crab cakes too .
the menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
i could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
i used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
okay service .
we 'd go back again
ambiance and music funky , which i enjoy .
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes .
the food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
after so many great reviews here , my bf and i went to esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
i 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
i pray it stays open forever .
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent .
unhygienic
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .
especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great italian restaurant , drive to corona .
decent thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little nolita hangout , but service terrible .
open late ( well as late as i ever got there and i 'm a night person )
i do n't remember what we had ; nothing was memorable .
i would highly recommend this place !
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
service was good and so was the atmosphere .
i complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
they live up to the thai way of living .
enough said !
our server was very helpful and friendly .
the pizza was pretty good and huge .
try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
and even with it 's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
the service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
bottom line : b + for the food , f for the service .
great food , good wine and an excellent host .
the only thing i could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .
it 's true , this place is not cheap .
the food is amazing ... especially if you get the chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
after dining at b.o.g over twenty times now , its official !
authentic bistro !
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
service is usually pretty good .
over 100 different choices to create your own .
personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
i came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
the menu has so many fish items and oysters .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the city ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
not worth the prices .
the food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
this place is a great stop for great food .
the french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
as many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
amazing !
obviously the chinese translation of this place does not mean big wong , it actually means great prosperity .
it 's like you are transported to the italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .
i recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
the service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
if you do n't like it , i do n't know what to tell you .
i 'm sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho .
eating at ottimo is like eating in chef salvatore esposito 's home .
sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
this is my favorite italian restaurant in all of new york city .
complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , i received my dessert on a plate that had happy birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
finally a curry that i can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
our first greeting when we entered was the last call is at 10:15 .
the service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
we spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left .
the fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
the wait staff was very attentive and polite .
one of the best hot dogs i have ever eaten .
the food here does a great service to the name ( cantonese that is ... ) .
so i 've never actually been to m proper , but i 've had it delivered a few times .
they offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you .
we will definitely go back .
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
bring your appetites .
everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
stay with the roasted chickens and you 'll be fine .
the jukebox plays everything from italian opera to the strokes .
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
my gf and i dine at bukhara often as she lives near it .
if you are in search of the most authentic nyc deli experience look no further than the famous and historic katz 's deli down on the lower east side .
this was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but i thought that was what made the place so special .
) it 's not the best japanese restaurant in the east village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
the bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
the food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
in any event , this is a place i 'll be sure to stop by again when i 'm in this part of town .
they never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !
perfect for dates !
by the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage nor hooka !
finally , after all the raving i went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
i wish i could like this place more , and i wish someone would retrain the staff .
i must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
and i would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their achilles ' heel .
it appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
when you want a piece of beef , head on over .
my friends and i stop here for pizza before hitting the kips bay movie theater .
we ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
i thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to chinatown .
it 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
i have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked .
you 'll see a lot of people eating there after church .
its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
make sure you try this place as often as you can .
the music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
the staff is very friendly .
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
cool atmosphere but such a let down .
and amazingly cheap .
my girlfriend and i stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
i would definently recommend this restaurant .
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .
the food was exceptional .
be sure to try the smoked trout ... lamb chops , veal chops , rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
fresh restaurant was amazing ....... . food was delicious and of course fresh .
anyway , the owner was fake .
its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , steven and frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
how do you rate home ?
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
i ca n't wait to go back .
surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as kobe .
it is thick and slightly soggy .
the menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
i love the atmorphere @ peep !
the food was authentic .
we could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
love the jazz bands on fri and sat .
do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
the dancing , white river and millenium rolls are musts .
service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
however , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
you can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , la villa ca n't be beat .
the food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
my first experience at siam square was very pleasant .
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
we were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional .
the beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
one of my favorite places in manhattan .
i asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if i like uni . (
the garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
good food
authentic pakistani food .
the desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced french restaurants .
i 've waited over one hour for food .
found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
do not get the go go hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
the food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
i was there on sat .
the all-italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
the brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
and they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
one of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
they came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
i was in love with pongsri on 48th , but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
the sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
the food 's as good as ever .
i hate hate hate this place .
unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
people are always friendly .
we would like to thank marcelo and grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
the anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
the frizzy retro girl ( with winged / dame edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
i will be out with friends and all of a sudden i am hungry and i only crave one thing ... their pizza .
the burger was great , also .
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
i 've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently .
but the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
my turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
i am going to the mid town location next .
and cheap !
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
the food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .
great food
menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
they have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
ca n't wait to go back .
even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate frosty .
why ?
the pizza was really good .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
maybe tomorrow ; - )
we 'd go back again
nice for one time special occasion .
the food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .
in the end you end up with a fair tab and nothing but a great time !!!
i must give it yon out of yon stars !
the pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , i 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
once for dinner and once for brunch .
great eats , good times .
good creative rolls !
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
when we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
my girlfiends and i ate at o.g. again last night .
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny -- i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
david , daytona beach , fl
go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
our son loves pizza and we have a certified neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
i do n't get it , what 's so special about prune ?
we walked in on a wednesday night and were seated promptly .
we did have to wait at the bar for approx .
sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know sal , is to know new york .
i had been searching really hard for a restaurant in new york where i could really feel unwanted and ignored and i finally found it !
great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
this is definitely one of the places that i have continued to come back to over the years .
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples .
consistently good japanese tapas .
try green curry with vegetables .
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
the service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
i was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i 'm eating indian cuisine .
you will find yourself returning quite often .
pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
i had the thai style fried sea bass ... which was very good .
please take my advice , go and try this place .
but the staff was so horrible to us .
the appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .
oh , and i never write reviews -- i just was so moved by how bad this place was , i felt it was my duty to spread the word .
our food was great too !
but dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
we got most of it back at home with us .
my biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
i find that most kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best i 've eaten so far .
but $ 1 for each small piece ???
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
one of the best , if not the best , restaurants in park slope ( and ny in general )
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
have eaten at ginger house several times , and it 's always good .
they are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks and their pita bread !
the food was just ok , at least for what food was available .
do n't go .
if you are in the area try the bagel shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd ave.
i have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
we left , never to return .
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .
we had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan .
i would definitely recommend sea if you like thai cuisine !
the portions are huge , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
but they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
finally !
the bagels are fabulous .
everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
loved it
what more can you ask for ?
i 've had my fair share of modern japanese and this spot delivers .
the prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the west village .
although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
kind , attentive wait staff .
definitely something to come down and check out .
would n't recomend it for dinner !
the photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and i pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
the food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , i heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last tuesday .
come on .
a word to the wise - the hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is the cleanest restaurant in town .
i have eaten a lot of pizza here .
i have been to rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
i agree .
every time i visit nyc , i come here .
do n't go there !
they kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
if your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap bx a $ $ this is the place to be !!
the service is ok but could be better .
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
the unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
it was the first place we ate on our first trip to new york , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york .
so delicious !!!!!!
we have been to montparnasse many times and return often for good reason .
their sushi , kamikaze and other rolls are fresh and well presented .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the si mall .
but the service is horrid !
great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
we were not disappointed .
my mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !
my fav was the sassy lassi ...
recommendations , of course , are required !
it 's good but , like the movie is never as good as the book , this is same analogy .
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .
in fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and i could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
rather than eating the meat entree being offered , i requested a vegetarian dish .
i go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
food is excellent .
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : cassuolet , steake fritte , tripe stew , etc ; simple stuff .
very excited to hear that short-term chef jason narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their sterling track record .
it is also extremely well priced .
food is always fresh and hot - ready to eat !
the food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
the food is good , the teriyaki i recommend .
my order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes ( at the most ) of hanging up the phone .
i 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
i have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
the only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price x4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
i really recommend the very simple unda ( egg ) rolls .
this place is worth an one-hour drive .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
we were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
was n't going to share but i feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
the pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
i had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
none was made so i hung up .
best reuben sandwich ever !
even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
i was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
i come here enjoy very much with husband .
i was speechless by the horrible food .
tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
cornelia street looks like a broadway set for west side story and the inside of po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in nyc .
much more reasonably priced too !
the service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
the cream cheeses are out of this world and i love that coffee !!
no pizza 33 for me !
the place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
hats off to the chef .
never again !
i 've been to at cafe spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best indian restaurant around union square .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
once they ran out of gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
to my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
i have enjoyed everything i have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
i do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but i ’ll come to zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
the waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
and i say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
we will be back .
i recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
ess-a-bagel ( either by sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in ny .
tuk tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
no pizza 33 for me !
the noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
went to ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as i love la pizza fresca ) .
his wife tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
the staff is no nonsense .
the prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
everything i had was good , and i 'm a eater .
it is definitely special and affordable .
i know real indian food and this was n't it .
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
i wish they would change back to what it was before .
i highly recommend the sophia pizza .
the soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
good food .
you can do it here .
the place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
average cake thats been courted by a lot of hype .
the lunch special is an asbolute steal .
the food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
i took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
the entire dining experience was wonderful !
service was slow , but the people were friendly .
it 's a steal !
in fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
wish ny had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
this is the only thai place i go too in nyc , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed jazz on certain nights .
the service was attentive , yet discreet .
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
even after a few bad evenings at bardolino , i keep coming back .
thank you emilio .
worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , i would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to tamari .
the in-house lady dj on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
very nice touch that very much fits the place .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
the staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
for an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
be careful , when they say spicy , they mean it !
service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
the rolls are creative and i have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
we had lava cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it .
waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
the barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
it 's one of our favorite places to eat in ny .
the sangria 's - watered down .
and even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
the homage to india is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer , a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce , while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated , fresh take on sweet-and-sour .
i 'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .
i noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
this is a nice sushi restaurant in brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
plenty of choices to make your own creation .
great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
i would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
it is very overpriced and not very tasty .
this is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
decent wine at reasonable prices .
the service is awful .
i had a great experience .
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river seine .
the restaurant has a family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
service , however , was excellent ... and i liked the setting / atmosphere a lot .
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
i love it .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
the food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
i recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
i highly recommend caviar russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
i was there for brunch recently , and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter .
i definitely would n't go back .
skip dessert .
just got back from lunch at tamarind and it was excellent .
our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
aside from the sea urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail , boton shrimp , blue fin torro ( fatty tuna ) , sea eel , etc .
even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in new york pizza restaurants ) .
the sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
i 've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and i 've been sitting there while he lectured another customer .
so eat fast and order a lot .
this is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
it ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
we ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
the quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
great indian food
have a mojito and sit in the back patio .
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
there 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
tell them herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
i 'm glad i did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
if you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
sometimes you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , things are expensive .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
best spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and - presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
always great service !
try the tandoori salmon !
when you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .
i was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
the food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
it is expensive but well worth the money .
the counter service is bad .
as for the bar , this is another bad idea .
i am not the most experienced person when it comes to thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
i really liked this place .
everything is delicious , though , my gf and i come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !
unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
the food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
obviously run by folks who know a pie .
when i saw that their website had a link to da ciro in napoli , i knew there was going to be good pizza !
the food is delicious .
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
the only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
we were fans of the half-price saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
definitely not worth the price !
a word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-d 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
great wine list , reasonably priced . -- sara
good french restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at katz ' deli , or mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
a little crowded but they move that line really fast !
ou must try this restaurant .
if you want good authentic thai this place is not the place to go .
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
the dim sum however was very good .
the music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as i did , i got a whiff of corriander .
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .
the room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
we all felt it was worth it .
i love their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
great place , great value .
after complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
everything about this restaurant was special .
yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
food - awesome .
even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk .
you will be very happy with the experience .
i have worked in restaurants and cook a lot , and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food .
and really large portions .
very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slow , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
i know because i live nearby .
what a ripoff !
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
the pizza is overpriced and soggy .
for a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
the whole experience was satisfying .
the service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
for appetizers , i recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
i go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
it was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
the staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
all i can say is wow !
the rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
this is the cheers of new york , whether you 've ever been there or not .
i loved it .
the food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
weekends can get crowded , but still highly recommended .
the appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
when you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
i definitely would n't go back .
it is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
i 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and i always enjoy myself .
secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
just straight up cheap , good food .
i was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
the noodle and rices dishes taste great .
the prices are wonderfully low .
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
they are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
the flavors robust and subtle .
the staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when i dropped it outside .
the atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
i 've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all .
the menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
i usually get one the vietnamese beef noodle soup .
the location is perfect .
all in all , i would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but i hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
great find in the west village !
if you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
he served me an uni hand roll , which i never had before , and let me tell you ... it was heaven !
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8 pm .
the bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
but i just would like to say i read the reviews people left and thats why i checked it out .
i 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
hopefully next time , i will save room for dessert .
when i 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , i head for cafe st. bart 's .
the food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
the spicy mussels are a highlight .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
( always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer !!!
my friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( and look like ) .
priced at upper intermediate range .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - i even took a friend here from japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the us that he has been to .
on a monthly basis my friends and i get together and have a girls night out .
i went for restaurant week .
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .
the restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
the only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in chinese .
both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
the one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
one of my favorite places in brooklyn .
the atmosphere was great .
unique apppetizers .
this is also where i was from .
each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes i would never return .
i plan on eating here more often .
moderate prices .
as a japanese native , i 've lived in the tristate area for over 8 years , but i was just so amazed at this place .
all the staff is absolutely professional !!
i have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .
my wife and i went to orsay for valentine 's dinner .
great food and the prices are very reasonable .
they 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
way too much money for such a terrible meal .
go here .
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
my boyfriend and i are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended flatbush farms .
i am relatively new to the area and tried pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and i thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
for those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
oh , and there 's hookah .
if you venture off the island of manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great italian restaurant , drive to corona .
i read about this place in time out magazine .
the boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
if only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
i just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
unlike hh up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
sweet irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
will give it another chance before i write it off .
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
i ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
quite simply it 's like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
we were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
i 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant i recommend going .
service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .
our first course was tuna sashimi with green yuzu sauce .
i wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
off the beaten path , this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street indian restaurants .
my son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
very affordable and excellent ambient !
i was pleasently surprised at the taste .
once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
i would highly recommend this place !
if i could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in nyc .
the atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
went there for an office lunch .
the only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
this is undoubtedly my favorite modern japanese brasserie ( that do n’t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !
the service was attentive .
the space is traditional in feel .
the only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
i almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and i could have all the dumplings to myself !
it 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
may , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
we were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion ... a bucket of food literally .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
the prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
katz 's deli is a great ny experience .
the food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
we requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
the bread and lamb chops i had before the meal were quite good , however .
we love it , and took buses and cabs to get there .
you have to increase the service a lot .
from an english speaking staff .
the baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
the main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
but after last night , spice grill is the only place i 'm eating indian cuisine .
i really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
the atmosphere is attractive , but a little uncomfortable .
i 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend .
the food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
the only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
we were charged full price .
a great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
needless to say , i 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
the staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
the wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
even after getting pushed out by the no-class famous ray 's , sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the outstanding pizza !
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
this guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before i told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including paris , that i had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
i have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
my husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
this is where the aforementioned line was .
eat at your own risk .
he takes real pride in his food and his business .
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
the food is just okay , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
came looking for this place because i heard good things .
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .
the food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
easily the worst stir-fried squid i 've ever tasted .
the food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there .
the hostess said " wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together " , to which i replied " no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . "
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food .
they were dry , stale and pretty flavorless .
fine dining restaurant quality .
the food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
besides , we were on vacation !
kind , attentive wait staff .
a classic !
my husband and i both ordered the steak , medium .
my six year old loved it .
i 'd definitely go back again .
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
i have to say the place was awesome .
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
we got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
highly highly highly recommended !
i took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and i have never , in the 17 years i have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in flatbush farms .
the atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
never once did i leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
the boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
i love ess-a-bagel , but i live on the west side , so i often go to murray 's for convenience .
the service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
that 's why you have to pay more for that .
we went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
i generally like this place .
this place is incredibly tiny .
one of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
terrible experience .
they 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
if it seemed possible to do so while there i would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the bronx .
very good value
they outshine hh .
it gets very crowded so i would suggest that you get their early .
the portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
did i mention that the coffee is outstanding ?
would never go back there .
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .
a nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .
i 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( i 'm a daring eater but not that daring ) .
it 's to die for !
it was nice and fresh , but i ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
it can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
my chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
a friend from seattle and i went on a thursday night around 8:30 .
not enough wines by the glass either .
the atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll . . .
service has always been friendly and efficient .
the service was ok .
the secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
i do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff ( more than the price ) .
it might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
we all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in new york .
the decoration was feeling like we was on the cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
i do n't know about you guys , but when i go somewhere to eat i go for the food not for the atmosphere .
we 've been to grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
maybe i say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
this place is not worth the prices .
probably would not go again ...
worth the trip from manhattan .
a must for all the dosa lovers .
anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
nick stef 's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area , so if you happen to be by madison square garden or herald 's square check it out !
the farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
look i dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place ( please try someother places ) .
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
the pizza is good though .
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel .
i will recommend scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful italian food .
while it 's not nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
my fiance took me to scopa last week for my birthday and i could n't believe the food .
price no more than a jersey deli but way better .
dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
they pray to their food gods to make them into a good pizza like vt 's .
good variety but nothing surprising .
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
i grew up eating dosa and have yet to find a place in ny to satisfy my taste buds .
fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
the ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
that place was awesome , , , sally !
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently
the pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
we 'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a monday night .
there was a small wait , but shorter than i expected .
also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
the selection of food is excellent ( i 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
growing up in ny , i have eaten my share of bagels .
we picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
the bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
if we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
overall , not worth the money .
while we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
the only thing i moderately enjoyed was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
this place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the prospect expressway and greenwood cemetery - a wasteland we like to call the sliv .
my wife i lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the ues .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on point .
as a retired hipster , i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
the food is good , i ca n't lie .
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before , and toons is by far the best thai food ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
from the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
a glass of leaping lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
the chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
this was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
highly recommended !
it was really good pizza .
we 'll definitly be back again !
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
the foie gras was sweet and luscious .
i keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table i can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
we actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
it was wonderful .
went for a late weekday lunch .
great food , great wine list , great service in a great neighborhood ...
great service , great food .
there is no excuse for such lousy service !
but , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in astoria .
they have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
when my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
i stumbled upon this great pizzeria as i explored my new neighborhood .
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
the crust was amazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :) :) : )
mussles and calamari were superb saturday evening .
there restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
as i made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
i never had anything i did n't like here .
do n't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
as soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
the dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
the fettucino alfredo was amazing .
i do n't live in ny but my best friend does .
oh , do n't even let me start with how expensive the bills were !
all in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
this is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips - good but a far cry from what the name implies .
overall i would recommend it and go back again .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on point .
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
dug the blue bar area too .
we ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
if you want to dine with large party , i recommend to make reservation basement .
i came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience .
i knew upon visiting nyc that i wanted to try an orginal deli .
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
but , nothing stands out about the cooking .
hey , i think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
you can get a table without a reservation if you get there early i they do n't make you by bottles .
everything is very cheap .
an excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
this is a true gem of the village .
the service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
the only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
traditional french decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .
it is not worth for that bucks .
because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
my favs here are the tacos pastor and the tostada de tinga ...
best indian food i have ever eaten .
we asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
the food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
the decor is very simple but comfortable .
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
after reading the good reviews of this restaurant , i decided to give it a try with two friends .
the food was wonderful and imaginative .
just an odd group .
the exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
i always get the shabu-shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
while the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
we did tip , i guess the waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
and kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender i have yet to come across .
so , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty indian restaurant in the upper east side .
i had a great experience .
we went to ino for valentines .
even my indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
they do n't walk around with the trays of dim sum .
best indian chinese in the city , by far !
i found the food to be just as good as its owner , da silvano , just much less expensive .
its not the same if you have to sit inside .
the service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
when we sat , we got great and fast service .
the cuisine from what i 've gathered is authentic taiwanese , though its very different from what i 've been accustomed to in taipei .
and the tom kha soup was pathetic .
if you 've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
they have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
do n't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review .
the bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
the duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
just ignore the trendy wannabes .
the menu is prix fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is well worth it superb food .
if you ’re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
the wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .
i also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
the food was outstanding and the service was tops .
enjoy !
the hot dogs are top notch , and they 're slamwich is amazing !
actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
we go on mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to blue ribbon .
and the tom kha soup was pathetic .
the selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
beautiful experience .
pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
all in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
i am french and i really felt like home !!!
i highly recommend it .
great staff .
edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
they seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
you will not be disapointed at all .
my first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .
the food was absolutely amazing !!
we ate outside at haru 's sake bar because haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
food was ok - fish was cooked well .
i would highly recommend it .
if you love seafood , you would love this place !
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
satay is one of those favorite haunts on washington where the service and food is always on the money .
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty . hmmm .
we had the most wonderful waitress .
while i 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !
the food is reliable and the price is moderate .
will absolutely visit again .
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .
i 'd call it an ' italian dinner ' .
the food was exceptional .
did i mention the wine ?
my friends and i were on vacation in ny and was referred to chance by a friend .
i ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
the food is always fresh ...
the avocado salad is a personal fave .
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
the appetizers are just ok and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
the deco and ambiance was really romantic .
aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the nyu student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , will smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
the prix fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity and quality ) .
i have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i 'd never heard of before .
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .
the space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
in fact there is only one i 've tried that even compares ( shabu tatsu ) and even then i prefer dokebi .
wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n't just go to zucchero pomodori .
a one women show !
curioni 's pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
i think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .
check it out .
i need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
my wife and i went to water 's edge for a romantic dinner .
people in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
what more could you want ?
try the lasagnette appetizer .
a thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
the place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and i got our food , the line reached the door .
bravissimo !!
it was a very warm experience .
awesome
service was prompt , friendly and great .
we 've been following chef lyle 's food around new york for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .
i will go back to suan soon !
first , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which i would have chosen had i known about them .
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
one thing i liked about this place is that i never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
we were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a sunday night .
best italian food i ever had ( and being italian , that means alot ) .
the menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
if you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
but overall i give it a 10
we wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
the menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
bobb v 's is a great place to take your friends and family !
sum it : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
i think locals rate this place so high .
thank you everyone at water 's edge .
the only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
in conclusion , this place sucks !!!
( the asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
first walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
another great thing about glechik-everything is very cheap !
overall a oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
also , the chick peas with shrimp ( appetizer ) is divine .
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
chance is a joke .
never fails to please .
this particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
i also recommend the garlic knots .
intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
if anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
to give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
the food is reliable and the price is moderate .
the service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
for all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to alphabet city , i say , good - stay out .
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
plus , on wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
delicious .
the service was great as well .
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
the ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .
having discovered ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
the decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the east village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
it 's to die for !
i also ordered the change mojito , which was out of this world .
whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
if you 've ever been along the river in weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
i loved the shows .
the gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .
get the tuna of gari .
so my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
the owner and staff are all japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
everyone must come here at least once .
only complaint is the pricing -- i believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
all are great - poori , naan , paratha all fresh .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
taking hot dogs to the next level
have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
i am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
the menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
all the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
the ambiance was pretty cool , but not worth the hassle .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
they even have a section in the menu called american chinese food !
it was such a fantastic dining experience , that i returned again the same week .
service was quick .
how pretentious and inappropriate for mj grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
some baby pizzas get their wish .
the staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
we were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
i thought going to jimmys would give me a real domincan exprience .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
authentic food and they have real service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
if i could give 0 stars i would do so for this place .
the food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
as soon as i wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how i will be getting to fried dumpling .
i will never return .
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
it was horrible .
truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
all in all , i do n't see how you can go wrong .
the $ 72 delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
it is not consistent .
service not the friendliest to our " large party " !
if you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , kai is your place .
he always says , i do n't have customers .
i was n't here for the pizza so i ca n't comment on that yet but what i had was very good .
ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
the absolute worst service i 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
deep fried skewers are good and still rare to find in nyc .
very romantic fires - i 've literally spent hours at lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
the table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
definitely will be back !
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
everytime i decide to try another place on the ues , i get angry that i did n't just go to zucchero pomodori .
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
kind of a small place but i guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
raga stands out with an interesting fusion of french and indian cooking .
i would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
if you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
went on a 3 day oyster binge , with fish bringing up the closing , and i am so glad this was the place it o trip ended , because it was so great !
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
all toppings are so fresh you 'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect , that one actually thinks of how it was made .
the food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .
service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
i loved it and would go again .
we usually go to the chart house to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
i can not recommend og more highly if i tried - check it out for yourself .
were meeting up with some friends for a drink at lafayette 161 and happened to walk by thai angel famished .
obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys .
so close , but not good enough .
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
i will be back !
overall , the ingredients and technique are there and i am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
my quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
the food is good .
not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
i 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
i was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , " can i help you " and " how many are in your party . "
the food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
the servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly i might add ) .
i had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
great food , great lay out and awesome service .
it was wonderful .
the fried rice is really good too .
finally !
when i called this morning , i did n't think i would be able to get in at 12 , but i was able to get in , along with four other guests .
boy was i wrong !
the sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
authentic korean food lovers should visit 32nd street , of course .
they have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
i have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
zero ambiance to boot .
excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
the restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must .
a weakness is the chicken in the salads .
menu - uneventful , small .
i had a great time at jekyll and hyde !
arigato gozimas yuka !
will absolutely visit again .
it 's a great find in astoria .
katz 's has been a nyc original for over 100 years .
first of all dal bukhara rocks .
there was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
if you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
it will be on my to do list the next visit to nyc .
when we stumbled on leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem but , we were certainly wrong .
the pastas were pretty good .
we were pleasantly greeted .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
i 've never been treated so rudely .
whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy .
they have some great entrees here as well .
very popular style izakaya ( sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
not what i wanted to hear .
overall the food quality was pretty good , though i hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
great vibe , lots of people .
their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
not worth it .
however , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .
we were very disappointed .
the steak was excellent and one of the best i have had ( i tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
it 's the perfect restaurant for ny life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
we had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
the only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
hurley 's is terrific !
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .
a small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
there was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
went there for a special celebration .
the dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest i 've ever had ) .
while i quite liked the food and the ambience , i 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
joe 's pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
it was delish and i did n't feel bad eating it .
first went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
and at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
i 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
we took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
i have eaten at shabu tatsu at least 5 times and i always want to go back for more !
they brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !
i felt as though i were eating in paris .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
i loved it and would highly recommend .
i highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
one of my fav spots in the city .
do not go to this restaurant .
the place was quiet and delightful .
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
but do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
we were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
stick to the gulab jamun .
i had my eyes on this place , promising myself i will one day ' give it a try . '
great wine list and great cocktail menu .
it is one the nicest outdoor restaurants i have ever seen in ny -- i am from italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
leave the kids at home !
amazing my favorite !!!
and i could do without the cigar smoke .
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
the real problem i had with this place was the complete lack of service .
i went this past saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
the buffet had a nice selection .
also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
i had lobster bisque it has 2 oz . of maine lobster in it .
do n't get me wrong - sushi was good , just not fantastic .
i went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
overall , not worth the money .
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
anytime and everytime i find myself in the neighborhood i will go to sushi rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
me and my girls will definitely go back .
however , it 's not worth a special trip .
the setting is casual and romantic .
i 've been here twice now .
just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
a little noise but i think that was because of our party !
we left after one drink .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick i also love .
nicky the nose at the bar is a treat .
i had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
stuffing yourself with japanese food is a rare thing .
would not go back .
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
for asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
just go to yamato and order the red dragon roll .
i highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
this place was not all that !
if your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in time sq. . .
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
the people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
what came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
the view is spectacular , and the food is great .
the catch is that you are charged extra for anything that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !
less wait time for me !
after we ate our appetizers ( which took all of 8 minutes ) we ordered another round of brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
my chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
seriously , this place kicks ass .
guess what , i waited for twenty minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , " oh well , i wish you would have said something earlier " no apology , nothing .
dessert : pure disaster .
we 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
i have n't been to the other locations .
no desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !
example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
this is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
they showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
everything on the menu is great .
i 'm glad i was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in ny .
i go twice a month !
the food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
staff is very accomodating .
tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
i complained to the waiter and then to the manager , but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up .
best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
the staff ignored my friends and i the entire time we were there .
however , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
but for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
this place has the best chinese style bbq ribs in the city .
try it side by side and there 's no comparison .
the atmosphere is n't the greatest , but i suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
i can understand the prices if it served better food , like some chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
sapphire is the only indian restaurant i go to when i 'm in nyc .
my husband and i had a blast .
i will be going back very soon .
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , i felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
they have waiters on the sidewalk trying to pull you in which made us suspicious .
it 's delicious !
the wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
if you live in upper manhattan , siam square is the place for thia food .
if you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
i think this a a wonderful place .
this is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply great .
to be honest we only ever eat the shabu shabu .
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
the large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
i would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
i think the meatball parm is good .
great atmosphere
they have authentic indian at amazin prices .
is just the way it was in days gone by .
but that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .
the food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
there is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
what 's the difference between the two ?
stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and i will be going back frequently .
they do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
the waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
not because i was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
i 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so i can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
this is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
perhaps this food is considered extreme to an upper east side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
the food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
they have it all -- great price , food , and service .
i live in the west village and i 've been to a lot of restaurants .
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
after that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another twenty minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
big and gawky on the outside .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
all i can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
and they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
the thai food is good .
but overall i give it a 10
p.s. please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
the sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
i am so coming back here again , as much as i can .
the chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
we started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
i highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
more important , the sushi rivals the best in tokyo .
incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic thai restaurant .
and forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
the characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
the filet mignon dish was superb !
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
nice value .
unfortunately , we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the south st seaport .
but regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
be careful of portions - they 're huge .
yes , i ate the food , but i certainly would not have if i had seen the maggot before eating , and i was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
this little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
great food !
definite go if you 're used to good indian restaurant food from abroad .
we had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
we were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
my roommate and i love this place .
while the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything i 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
there 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
after waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
dessert was also to die for !
good , fast service .
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
best reuben sandwich ever !
the anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
we refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !
baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
i am so coming back here again , as much as i can .
i love going there !
i asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like i was insane .
here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
no plans to return anytime soon .
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
the service we experienced was friendly and good .
patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
we were then shooed inside .
i recommend their pad see ew , pork chops or tofu plates .
i think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
this is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic ...
overall i was impressed and will return , it 's a great qpr ( quality to price ratio ) .
i love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
the bar drinks were eh , ok to say the least .
we order a bit of everything on the menu .
this dish is my favorite and i always get it when i go there and never get tired of it .
i had never had edamame pureed before but i thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
good for dates or with friends .
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .
it 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
i 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
great staff .
it was a very nice surprise .
people dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
his drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
what more can you ask for ?
restaurant with a view
i go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there .
you will not be disapointed at all .
my husband and i ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com ,
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
the service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
no one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
definately check it out !!!
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
the food however , is what one might expect .
everything a ny pizza joint should be .
perfect for a quick meal .
they have homemade pastas of all kinds -- i recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
the wife had the risotto which was amazing .
the sushi has been from average to below average , the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating ( if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen , the acousitcs are horrid , everything echoes is extremely loud ) .
this little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
the place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
the food we ordered was excellent , although i would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
the design is very intimate and romantic .
the neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .
with so many good restaurants on the uws , i do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
love their drink menu .
indoor was very cozy and cute .
i care more about the food and ambience .
wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the uws !
just ignore the trendy wannabes .
if you like seafood and/or greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things .
wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
good luck getting a table .
winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
in short the black sheep distinguishes itself from the midtown pub herd with a look that 's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch .
they were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
however , once i received my predictably mediocre order of what dokebi thinks passes as korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , i got through about half my kimchee before i found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
while there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , katz 's has a charm about it .
who has room for cheesesticks with the best pizza in nyc !
the food was bland oily .
the price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
dishes denoted as " roy 's classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner .
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
great food at reasonable prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
servers are all different , greg is my favorite .
the corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around times square .
it gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
i came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all i got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
they are tasty , but i suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average american digestive system .
yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
zero ambiance to boot .
something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
we come from new jersey to eat at kinoko .
the portions are now very small , the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant .
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
similar to other indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
our friends have not arrived yet .
we know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
the food is very average ... the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
no food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
it had been awhile and i forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
we had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
for authentic thai food , look no further than toons .
however , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .
we were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
i have gone back to siam square many times since and everytime i am very satisfied overall .
the food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
and the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
i would definitely come back to this restaurant .
yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
the steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
i ordered the vitello alla marsala and i was pretty impressed .
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
i for one will never patronize them again .
the kitchen however , is almost always slow .
there was a heat problem to boot , so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats !
the atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a sushi establishment in tokyo .
what a great place .
great selection of wine , and seafood .
a big disappointment , all around .
would n't recomend it for dinner !
our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
and their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
i would highly recommend .
the wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
you can do it here .
this place does n't make any sense
yakitori bbq meats is tasty too .
the sides were ok and incredibly salty .
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here .
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
i almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and i would hate for it too become to crowded .
over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
i plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
not only is this the best thai restaurant i have been to , but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine .
definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the sliced steak entree .
they charge different prices all the time .
well worth the trip , close to city hall and downtown subway stops .
as we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
i asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
the food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
the help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
suan is a great place that i often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
really lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area .
unique apppetizers .
what a pleasant surprise !
i live on the street this place is on .
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
service was among the best i have ever had in nyc .
i had roast chicken and a salad .
veal parmigana - better than patsy 's !
too many other good places to have to settle .
this was my frist time at cafe st. bart 's and i must say how delicious the food and the service was .
we had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but i thought a bit overpriced .
for someone who used to hate indian food , baluchi 's has changed my mid .
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
odd for ave b , not just odd , the place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
the cold appetizer dishes taste like the way i remember them to taste when i was growing up in taiwan .
the food is consistently wonderful - i 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
this place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
a touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
i was highly disappointed by their service and food .
they do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
you get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice .
it was delicious and large !
the fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
this is a fun restaurant to go to .
i went to amma after a friend recommended it .
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .
having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant i stumbled across reviews for la lanterna and gave it a shot .
the crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
me and my girls will definitely go back .
the food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
everything , from the soft bread , soggy salad , and 50 minute wait time , with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food .
beautiful experience .
skip dessert .
my family ate here last weekend .
this is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
i 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
i have never had anything like it !
good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
service was prompt and courteous .
i had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens ' biggest secret !
the ambience is very calm and quiet .
i have been doing all of the above at the heartland brewery for over 5 years now and i have never been disappointed !
the entree was also very good .
i brought some buddies from ca and they loved it .
i 'm from england , and haru 's was the best i had in nyc .
this was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
that is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
my daughter 's wedding reception at water 's edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
while sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any indian restaurant i have been to in new york city , the food was not what i had hoped for .
have the iced tea .
really .
every time in new york i make it a point to visit restaurant saul on smith street .
their sake martini is wonderful .
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
highly recommended !!!!!
there is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
it was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-i 've had better for less elsewhere !
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .
it just was n't thai .
also very inexpensive .
we began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
great pizza for lunch place .
the big complaint : no toasting available .
not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
i love their thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must !
admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in new york or anywhere in the us .
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $ 35 menu .
for starters they delivered us someone else 's order .
the plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
but if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for indian food
but their mac cheese was yummy !
everything was going good until we got our meals .
not terrible , but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002 .
do n't leave without trying one night in tokyo .
two people in our party felt like something else , and volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
the wine list is extensive and impressive .
they have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
the food was average to above-average ; the french onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
we love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating .
coffee is a better deal than overpriced cosi sandwiches .
great food , great prices , great service .
good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
for some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , i do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
trust me .
keep up the good work guys !
great find !!!
beef noodle soup is good as well .
spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
my father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
i 've dined at alain ducasse 's restaurant in monte carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
his food is excellent ( and not expensive by nyc standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
the food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
they even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
overpriced and not tasty
oh yes , and if you are a fan of indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , i would love to know where they obtained .
if your into thai . . you can not miss this great restaurant .
the one positive thing i can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
the ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
the hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
he has visited thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
a great choice at any cost and a great deal .
the entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
took my sister here before attending a show one evening .
i recieved prompt service with a smile .
the dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of chinese here ) .
after we got our sashimi order , i could not believe how small the portions were !
we 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
i ca n't stand this dungeon .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
i was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
the tastes makes your mouth water for more .
go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
and all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
it is not consistent .
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
my roommate and i love this place .
for all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to alphabet city , i say , good - stay out .
went for mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
i have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
when i called this morning , i did n't think i would be able to get in at 12 , but i was able to get in , along with four other guests .
love this place .
now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .
the decor is very simple but comfortable .
service was also very good .
service was very friendly .
but the food was delicious .
the service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but i have never been treated rudely .
my favorite place lol
very different than regular dimsum places .
the strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
the stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
great food , great prices , great service .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
i had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
horrible .
just awsome .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
all the various greek and cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come - if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
the hostess was rude and i got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
if you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
a fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , flatbush farm is n't in the same league as the blue hills or even the farm on adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale italian decor .
ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
all my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
made my dining experience uncomfortable .
make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
i had the best ravioli ever .
it 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
i have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
my wife and i also enjoyed the spinach , the shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
i love the place .
i particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
on the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with alain ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
was there friday night .
i am a die hard peep lover .
after passing by this restaurant for sometime i finally decided to go in and have dinner .
they might be all business at the counter when you give your order , but their food says i love you .
as we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
the restaurant was quiet and intimate .
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
the food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
give it a try , menu is typical french but varied .
in summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) !!!
we went to eat at the jekyll and hyde restaurant on friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
the waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
they are served on focacchia bread and are to die for .
people are always friendly .
for sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
what can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
the first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
i was visiting new york city with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
whenever you need a sushi fix , mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
i liked this place the first time but doubt i will ever return .
this place is cool enough to be in the east village , but french enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in paris .
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
the atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
the signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are all totally japanese .
the waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as i would have expected .
i got hair in my food 2 times of then !
i always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu .
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .
this is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both a-listers and people walking in off the street .
this is my fourth try over a two year period , and i 'm done .
even with john 's and joe 's around the corner , this place will make a name for itself .
my friends and i go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
we ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
the food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
very good wine choices .
my family and i ate here last night for our annual christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town .
quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried .
i do not recommend .
the highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries i received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
it 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .
i just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
it saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
i came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
one of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
if the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
i had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , i tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
( the sashimi is cut a little thinly .
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
both the fresh mozzerella slices and the plain cheese slice are phenomenal .
i ordered from here last week .
i 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at jimmy 's bronx cafe .
$ 170 down the toilet ...
also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
cuisine is billed as asian fusion - does n't meet the bill .
the zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
my bf and i go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
the wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
if you ' re in new york , you do not want to miss this place .
i ca n't wait for the nex time .
we will go back every time we are in the city .
red dragon roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
it was tiny and i felt like i was eating in someone 's living room .
it 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
i would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .
the food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
the bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that i will never go back .
the food is great and authentic .
if you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
we did arrive late for our reservation so i can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
good cake but : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
it is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up .
they never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
been there , done that , and new york , it 's not that big a deal .
this place has the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
i started out with a bombay beer which was big enough for two .
my first time there i happened not to like the crab croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
the food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , i just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
not impressed with the food .
service was on par but not wonderful .
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .
i picked the grilled black cod as my entree , which i absolutely devoured while someone commented that the grilled salmon dish was better .
i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great .
now if they could only get a toaster .
we shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while i had the sashimi .
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
apparently , the good cook works then .
i love indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
it is terrific , as is the value .
great survice
a real dissapointment .
we could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
we always enjoy the pizza .
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
excellent experience .
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
this place is a great bargain .
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .
i have known about this secret for the last 13 years , emilio ( the godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
we had half half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
the sauces used are also not that exciting .
they bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( i tried them all ) .
the decor is night tho ... but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
all the food was hot tasty .
however , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
i love their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
you will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
when the bill came , nothing was comped , so i told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine , but i did n't think i should have to pay for food with a maggot in it .
great food at reasonable prices .
there is no excuse for such lousy service !
simply some good tasting chinese food at incredible prices ...
i 've been a regular customer at juice generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the film center on ninth avenue and they are on the next block .
it was well worth the wait .
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
you ca n't go wrong here .
another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
most people eat there seem to be typical upper east side snobs , so be aware .
when we sat , we got great and fast service .
highly recommended .
the best !
i 've been frequenting the tasting room since it first arrived in the east village and i 've never been disappointed .
anyhow , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .
in addition to great hot dogs , dotp has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and english muffins , a delicious nj-based pork product know to us jersey girls and boys as taylor ham .
with all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
not impressed with the food .
please be aware that it 's cash or amex only !
the food is definitely good , but i left a bit disappointed .
the sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
i had a late dinner at lucky stike , a great name for a joint if ever i saw one .
i went with my fiance on a tuesday evening .
they 're terrific !!
the cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10 + , are delectable .
the wine list is excellent .
we would return to this place again !
before the place did n't call my attention .
it is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up .
great pizza for lunch place .
try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
food was amazing - i love indian food and eat it quite regularly , but i can say this is one of the best i 've had .
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
we had a very nice time .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
the food was delicious ( i had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
love pizza 33 . .
it is the best hidden spot there and i rave about it to everyone .
the perfect spot .
what for ?
very good service and very good prices .
i 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
( i 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
the place was real empty but that was because this was the first sunday they ever opened .
they are by far the best past in new york .
try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
but the thing that my wife and i hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
the wine list is also really nice .
every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
i got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
the waiter was attentive .
my personal favorite is nick and joe 's .
i showed it to the manager , and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts ( but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for ) .
casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
the service is amazing , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in nyc .
if you 're lucky and there 's not a private party going on back there , you 'll get a chance to really chill out .
whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective .
10
the red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
but this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .
we did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
molto bene !
the portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
the wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
also they were $ 15 each !
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
it 's constantly open , catering to the pakistani cabbies lined up on crosby st. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
this is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
the restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
i love and i know gourmet food by excellence !
to begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
it 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
it 's true , you feel like your in a scene from goodfellas .
the staff is also attentive and friendly .
in any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
best indian restaurant in the city
the service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
i liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
i choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
this is probably one of my new favorite places .
we thought that this place is using too much of msg cooking in the foods .
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
paul , the maitre d' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
too cold to enjoy .
the food was very well prepared .
if you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
the wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for chinatown ) alternative .
the website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
i have been a longtime fan of holy basil in the east village , and while i do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , i have been hesitant to be disloyal .
very good breads as well .
go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ...
mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
the one vegetarian entree ( abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
check out the secret back room .
i expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
it is by far my favorite restaurant in brooklyn .
for those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all i can say is that they just do n't get it .
the production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.the food sublime for the most part .
so i decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .
this place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
overall , i 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its chinatown .
i would like to return and try some of the other menu items when i do n't have to rush off to a show .
our first time in new york and we had to try a new york bagel .
my friends and i came across this place while walking in the village .
the fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
the staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
it 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
el nidos one of the best restaurants in new york which i 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
right off the l in brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
the service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
because the waiters need severe attitue adjustments .
it 's very spicy but not offensive .
are you freaking kidding me ?
all pretty good .
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
the decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
open late ( well as late as i ever got there and i 'm a night person )
the rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
the service was pretty poor all around , the food was well below average relative to the cost , and outside there is a crazy bum who harasses every customer who leaves the place .
we had reservations at 9 pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
the place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
i would definitely recommend mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .
i ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
if you go here - your focus should be the tamarind margaritas .
we also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
finally a reliable chinese restaurant !
the food was very good , but not very thai .
lucky strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
i love this place !
my entire family was horrified .
everytime my husband and i go there , we are never disappointed .
the place does get crowded , so i recommend going between 4-5 pm .
two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
it also has lots of other korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
i guess the way my friends and i described it was the french colonies .
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
the crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
the traditional italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
faan is sooo good .
i was n't there for the half-price saturday night special , but tuesday night .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
wo n't or ca n't is not in the service directory .
at first i was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of nyc .
this place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
without the wait or attitude , i would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
the bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
too bad , has a lot of potential .
the menu looked good , except for offering the chilean sea bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
for the people who want great food plus great service , roxy is a place to avoid !
we had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
the wine list is also really nice .
service was good and food is wonderful .
so eat fast and order a lot .
i 'm saving up for my next visit .
it was divine melts in your mouth .
would never go back there .
to top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
the service is awful -- the last time i was there ( and i do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
i was in love with pongsri on 48th , but compared to suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
was surprisingly disappointed .
like i said , nick and joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
i have to say i have never had a disapointing meal here .
my husband and i moved to nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here , peasant has been our favorite !
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
we replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
try the pad se-ew or chicken with cashew nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
with the great variety on the menu , i eat here often and never get bored .
the food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
hmmm .
during our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
maggot in the food !
i would highly recommend it .
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
very pleased
i paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
i usually go there later at night when i get off work so i do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
there are a few italian employees who may not speak the best english but for me that adds to the experience .
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
( la rosa is connected by a swinging door to the mexican restaurant pacifico ) .
had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
instead of wasting your time here : support restaurants that care about food .
the food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri , sevpuri and samosa chaats , as well as other great indian appetizers .
authentic shanghai style and i can not recommend a better shanghai place in new york .
our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
my friends and i showed up on a sat .
although small , it has beautiful ambience , excellent food ( the catfish is delicious - if ya do n't mind it a lil salty ) and attentive service .
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
moving on .
pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
a large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
decor is charming .
waitstaff are very friendly .
the only thing you can do here is walk in and eat . . but planning an event , especially a small , intimate one , forget about it .
owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
i hate this .
i am not sure if i would call the food here indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be french with an indian or exotic touch .
not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
the food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
the last time i went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
go girls !!!
i though it was expensive and i prefer bella via just blocks away by far .
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
i 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
an oasis of refinement : food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new american fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
as a fan of thai , i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst .
i would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
the staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
it 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
the food is expensive , but worth every bite .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
once you step into cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path parisian bistro .
if you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
unlike other places in nyc where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be .
service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a saturday night .
i like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
it was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
i 've lived in ny for 5 years and this place has it all .
get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
last memorial day , i tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
the food was bland oily .
if you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
reasonable prices .
i have n't been to the other locations .
the food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other heartland breweries in the city .
decor leaves something to be desired .
the service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
to be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
we 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
great hot dogs !
restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
my gf and i still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
this tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain parisian flair .
i went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
i 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
they forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
i like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
went inside and i started to get excited .
here 's the thing , you 're in the best city in the world for restaurants .
oh and it 's too tiny for families with strollers .
very cozy and warm inside .....
wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
i dont how this place is still running .
supercilious scorn is in .
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .
my friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend .
best taiwanese food in ny !
the sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but i did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
located at the end of a magnificent block .
my husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
their margarita is best i 've had since i 've returned from naples !
i live nearby and when they first opened , i ate there a lot .
service is average .
its alright
filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .
so , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , i would say try it .
we did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately i think that may have been part of the problem .
the staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
my wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
frankly , the chinese food here is something i can make better at home .
we were on our way back to nj , and since i am in ny , we figured why not grab some food ?
if you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love artisanal !
it was wonderful .
from the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
i went there with my friend last saturday .
appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
it was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ....
i heartily recommend .
the dim sum here is only so-so .
i must give it yon out of yon stars !
the kitchen however , is almost always slow .
i love this place .
we were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , yuck .
gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
there is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
warning : you may find it difficult to dine at other japanese restaurants after a visit to mizu !
we 've found it to be better and fresher than kiku which is comparable in price .
the food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
this was a great surprise .
malted milk ball gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
on a recent sunday afternoon , a friend and i accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt .
i read the other review and have to say i had the opposite experience here last sunday .
killer sushi !
the seating was if they were trying to get the maximum amount of people into the restaurant , so be nice to your neighbor when you dine here .
on a recent saturday night , i was with a group of 5 at the bread bar .
the place just is n't ready for prime time .
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
if you like sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try yokocho .
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .
just because it 's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , it is great !
tends to turn people away .
at 6:30 , we were the third party there .
by far this is the only chinese desserts place i know in ny or anywhere close in the northeastern america that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
i recommend any of their salmon dishes ......
did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
it is very overpriced and not very tasty .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you name it .
really depends on your luck !
i live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
we arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the past !
when we stumbled on leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem but , we were certainly wrong .
although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
just straight up cheap , good food .
its located in greenewich village .
however , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
great food , great decor , great service .
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
the waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
this place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps queens ' biggest secret !
even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
definitely a once a year treat that i look forward to around the holidays !
its worth the wait though .
i am bringing my whole family back next time .
ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like balthazar etc .
i have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
we visit at least once a month .
i did n't go there for food so i ca n't comment .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
acceptable prices .
a little noise but i think that was because of our party !
should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with brahma .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .
the food is good , i ca n't lie .
all we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
the lamb meat was under-cooked and extrmely chewy .
this quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
the food was almost always excellent .
the closest that i got was the cherry marscapone , but they were out of it that day .
my wife and i visited dokebi tonight .
downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
you guys rock .
tuk tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in brooklyn .
i have been to mary 's many times and i like it .
you ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in chinatown .
avoid this place !
also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
while the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
the service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
no dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy midtown .
. the best i 've found outside of the chinatown masters .
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was very salty !
i found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish i had .
ciao bella
they 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , kenny .
the three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
i highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
always a nice crowd , but never loud .
also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
thius is a must for anyone who loves shabu-shabu .
the pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there .
we had pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
same owner as the guy who owns typhoon , which is just down the street on st. marks and 1st ave.
the menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like balthazar etc .
food was very good , but not what i would consider out of this world .
the staff is courteous and friendly .
this made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
from the moment you walk in , you feel like you 're in the perfect place .
it was wonderful .
appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
the entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
this place is a great bargain .
it has been my first choice ever since i discovered it .
i recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
none of that yucky whipped stuff .
for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
there are many thai places in the city but so far toons is # 1 .
i go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
i think the stuff was better than disney .
as we waited i watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were .
the waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
they are fast .
try the homemade breads .
yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , i 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
there 's another girl who i ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 " with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
this is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
our server was very helpful and friendly .
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
the staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
i ca n't remember the last time i had such gross food in new york .
the waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
the food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
nice find .
when we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
i have been to casimir over 5 times and i have always had a great time there .
i have to agree with the previous reviewer .
ask for the round corner table next to the large window .
yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
the main entree was also very good .
avoid at all costs .
i wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
and , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we asked for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
never again !
we started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
all conveniently delivered right to the door .
for some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the salmon .
the food is consistant and good but how it got name best diner in manhattan is beyond me .
our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
and there 's no way out .
i 've been coming here regularly since it opened , about 2 years ago .
it helps if you know what to order .
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .
get there before 7 pm .
although the restaurant itself is nice , i prefer not to go for the food .
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
and its absolutely delicious .
too bad i had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
this place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - i am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
always popular , always full , always a wait .
keep up the good work .
this place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
i recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
but trust me it is so worth it .
we thought the dessert would be better , wrong !
the sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
the service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald 's than this joint .
dumbfoundingly poor
you would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
my husband and i take out from here 3-4 times a month .
it 's all about the food !!
this place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
the wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
a guaranteeed delight !
the perfect spot .
compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
planet thailand has always been a hit with me , i go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
there was no ambiance .
stay away from this place .
my friends spoke so much about it for months , i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
we spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
its location is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to suan again and again .
starters : kobe beef sashimi .
the staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
this diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
big wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
they have it all -- great price , food , and service .
nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , francois , and good service .
i 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
the food arrived in about 15 minutes .
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently while it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
service was slow , but the people were friendly .
this place has the best pizza .
the fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
moral stay away .
this place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within doyers , right off of pell st ( barber 's alley ) in chinatown .
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
the lava cake dessert was incredible and i recommend it .
the service was superb , they treat you like family .
ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
keep up the good work guys !
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .
so rude .
i am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
... and that 's saying a lot .
it 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
tiny restaurant with very fast service .
the dim sum servings here are a bit larger than i 'm used to .
three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
also they were $ 15 each !
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
the atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
the pizza here is delicious .
great neighbhorhood spot .
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde .
as we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
la rosa waltzes in , and i think they are doing it the best .
we made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
if you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
not only is the food
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
going to bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
had we been stalling i could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
the grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
overall i would recommend it and go back again .
you can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
best . sushi . ever .
forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , i mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
for years , i thought tuscan cuisine was the best , but salvatore converted me to the hearty neapolitan fare on my first visit .
how can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
during the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
the food was well prepared and the service impecable .
the management was less than accomodating .
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning !
the restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
lived in shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship green bo restaurant there .
the staff should be a bit more friendly .
the sushi is amazing !!!
the food is great and the environment is even better .
the back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
for the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other japanese restaurants .
the food is great , i love their dumplings , cold sesame noodles , chicken and shrimp dishs .
the waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
the service is prompt friendly .
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
we were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
the rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
when i got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
my wife and i were in nyc celebrating our 30th anniversary .
i try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .
scalina fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
the price is reasonable although the service is poor .
over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional french food , and french service as well .
i 'm happy to have nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
while certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
a cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
and affordable .
this restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
ahhh ...
i had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
i absolutely loved this place .
this place is always packed .
service is top notch .
the service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and i would not recommend bringing a date here either .
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
i never had an orange donut before so i gave it a shot .
we have lived in chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
went to village last night for my birthday .
we 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe 's to eat here .
what really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
a beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
stay far away from this place .
and yes dal bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
it hits the spot every time
big thumbs up !
the food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
we were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
the food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
probably would not go again ...
the hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
indoor was very cozy and cute .
the service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .
the waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but i 've never been dealt with rudely .
but , they were too big for the bun .
this is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and i can not comp it .
i am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places i have tried with higher ratings .
i 'm going back .
the four seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of new york city restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say " i 've been to the four seasons restaurant " .
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
hands down the best pizza on the planet .
i 'm partial to the gnocchi .
faan is sooo good .
i went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
great hot dogs . .
i recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
first of all dal bukhara rocks .
this is a fun restaurant to go to .
i look forward to eating here again
this big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
would definitely visit again .
a few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
my wife and i always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
the pizza was great .
the lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
i had the lamb special which was perfect .
excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
i must say i am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
his response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
the mussaman curry that i ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that i ordered in it , they graciously provided me with one piece of poorly cooked potato .
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful .
to celebrate a birthday , three of us went to mare anticipating great food .
spice is great thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
nice family owned traditional restaurant .
also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
i 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not new yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
the waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
but for the shabu shabu , you wo n't find much better in ny .
the service was outstanding .
however , i do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
our teenage kids love it , too .
i would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
my boyfriend had the new england chowder it was good but i think the award should go to the lobster bisque .
if you want to save some money , do n't go here .
love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
worth a visit .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
we went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
the singapore mai fun had no curry flavor whatsoever .
do n't waste money on decor .
it 's popular w/the late crowd .
however , i think jeckll and hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
it 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
we were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor .
this time , i prefer not to go into detail .
since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
guacamole shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
we , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
the skillfully chosen portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect iberian ending .
i love their thai
sexy .
the bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
the food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
very , very nice
not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested .
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
ahhh ...
the eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
i went there after hearing how great it was .
not someplace i would seek to try out but if i am in the area again , i will certainly stop by .
i plan on stopping by next week as well .
what ?
just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the west village sushi restaurants .
and everytime i go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .
the environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
a must try !
the service is good and the resturant is clean .
highly recommended is the spicy fried clam rolls and spider rolls .
however , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
there were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect english .
also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
great food and the prices are very reasonable .
tasty but expensive .
we were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
i 've eaten at many different indian restaurants .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
going to ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
i ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
i wish they had one near my office - i would go everyday .
when my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have lobster tails ummmmm need i say more ) i ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget if you never go , you 'll miss a meal of your life time
we happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .
what a great place !
we go often .
you guys are awesome !
the first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
the music is the best among all the indian restaurants i have visited .
the dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
you can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge !
i love this place more and more everytime i go .
the workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
i must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
when you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
the restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic taiwanese .
i really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
the waiter was attentive .
also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
however , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
they need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
love the atmosphere - felt like i was in paris .
i plan on stopping by next week as well .
we have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
the setting is casual and romantic .
i 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when i 'm craving for pho , lemon grass chicken or beef cube on rice , this is the place to go .
i got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
an unpretentious spot in park slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
a cheap eat for nyc , but not for dosa .
the rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
when he 's not making authentic neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
great atmoshere and worth every bit .
it 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
we also asked for hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the hooka .
i would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
they never came back to refill our glasses again .
had a late night dinner on a saturday night .
dessert is a joke ... dont bother
pizza here is consistently good .
while the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , i have never experienced more incompetency .
this is the jackel and hideof the restaurants on the ues .
if i wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers i 'd go out in manhattan .
over 100 different choices to create your own .
it was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .
at $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
and where does patis go wrong ; no where .
save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
the highly spiced chai tea was great too .
the food is great and reasonably priced .
we actually left hungry and went across the street to wo hop at 15 mott street for some good chinese food .
ok , i 've been to dumont a few times now .
the service is awful .
the fried rice is amazing here .
finally , i got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
the food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted plate 347 as our secret on second !
sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .
do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic french food in nyc .
fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
would definitely go back again .
while it 's not nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
i absolutely love this place !!!
barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
there is " expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " expensive-and-wtf " ?
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
great experience overall .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
this place is worth going even if only for their beer .
the banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
all the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
i lived on 50th st , and wanted indian one day so decided to check this place out .
in addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
i came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
this restaurant is vegetarian ; there are no meat dishes whatsoever .
they 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
best chinese on the upper east , prompt delivery , good value .
i do n't like indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
taxan delicious !
a bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
it is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
decor is charming .
the location is perfect .
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
less than three minutes passed before i found myself doubled over the toilet .
there is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
the food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
the overall price tag was very very expensive , something i did expect .
the service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but i barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
the menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
my husband and i have been sold on this from the first visit .
murray wo n't do it .
too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
i have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
we visited bread bar during january restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
the service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
i do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
we visited orsay during ny restaurant week and tried their $ 35 menu .
indo chinese food , pretty good ...
from the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convienent parking at chelsea piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
the waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
we live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened .
all in all , the food was great ( except for the dessserts ) .
great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
ca n't wait to go back .
entrees : vanison steak and bison steak .
from beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
the owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
however , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
for a fabulous wedding !
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
but not in a good way .
went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
possibly the most romantic restaurant in the city
the decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 frickin hours to come !!!!
we were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
there was a great deal for 6 blue point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
i can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
we ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
the server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
although i moved uptown i try to stop in as often as possible for the great cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
this thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from sripraphai ( another delicious thai restaurant ) .
but the best part about ls is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the bts .
it 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
we liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
the menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
the location and ambience is ok but the food is what makes up for it .
the seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in new york pizza restaurants ) .
and , the honey bbq rib tips are yummy !
this place is incredibly tiny .
waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well .
waiters are slow but sweet .
the bagels are also reasonably priced for nyc .
i 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
they did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
maitre-d - " eat and get out "
food is great .
i love to visit murrays for my bagel fix .
i love it .
although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .
i 've lived in nyc all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
it costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
the wine list is excellent .
haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on park avenue south and friendly service .
how is this palce still open ?
looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
i discovered applebees when i went away to college in va .
very affordable and excellent ambient !
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
definately check it out !!!
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
it is run by the same sichuan chef who started the chain in chinatown .
having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
this should have been done in a back room - away from customers .
not too crazy about their sake martini .
sea has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
great sake !
service here was great , food was fantastic .
i went to this restaurant with a woman that i met recently .
i went there 2times .
the floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
this place is the most japanese it can ever get .
i will definetly be going back .
it took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
they did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
for all of you new to indian food , try the paneer roll , it is a piece of heaven .
however , i think this place is a good hang out spot .
they specialize in smoothies and fresh juices .
we were n't !
two words : free wine .
of course , it is crowded but who cares .
" the menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as " vegetarians .
unbelievable .
went there last night with my coworker .
service was good and food is wonderful .
been to the one in brooklyn for over 25 years , now i dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza .... hanx
this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
the second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
i really enjoyed the shows put on by the actors .
several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
thr at moshphere is compact , modern , yet cozy .
the service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
yes , it is good , but i 've had better for cheaper .
just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
the sushi was awful !
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was initially fine .
its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car ( i happen to live in inwood ) .
they charge different prices all the time .
and really large portions .
so close , but not good enough .
if you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to del frisco 's !
the service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
planet thai is great !
i read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and i thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre italian restaurants .
the two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
we will come back !!!
we been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
i have been living in nyc for bit now and i have to say i love to go out and explore the scene .
how have i never been to agave before ?
after the review i treked into brooklyn .
by far the best salad i have had in a fast food restaurant .
i was very disappointed with this restaurant .
for authentic thai food , look no further than toons .
skip this location and go to the one in soho .
a beautifully designed dreamy egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
service was prompt , friendly and great .
wow ! how have i missed this one , tried long tan last week for the first time and now know what the ny times and many more in the neighborhood already knew .
the dinner was ok , nothing i would have again .
somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
wow over 100 beers to choose from .
go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby veal calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
if you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm .... . everything is just delicious .
i have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
love it .
they are the best bagels i 've had .
it 's all about the food !!
huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi on saffron risotto .
thanks bloom 's for a lovely trip .
service was quick .
the food now is inconsistent .
but the pizza is way to expensive .
the pizza was pretty good and huge .
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends !!!
it may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area .
i have never had cheescake like this .
my party had the bbe fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
the pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i 'd never heard of before .
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
oh right , i should probably say something nice .
kudos haru
my picks : guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
the only downside ... they only take cash which is ok if you know about it ahead of time .
decent wine at reasonable prices .
i highly recommend cafe st. bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
the space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
the service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
the comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
no , really .
i am amazed by the poor reviews - i find this place to be standout italian in an area flooded with italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
coming from boston this place is like emma 's pizza in kendall square in cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
when i 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , i head for cafe st. bart 's .
most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
i have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls ' night .
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
when we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
quick and friendly service .
the food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day , while chic , art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night .
great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
this is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
i just do not understand what the fuss is all about .
this is the most wonderful restaurant in all of new york city , not just brooklyn ...
i have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in ny and hooked a few new yorkers onto peep as well .
we live in new jersey and whenever we go into new york city we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if i call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so i would n't have to look for parking ) .
it 's just o.k. pizza .
the waitress was not attentive at all .
compared to ess-a , tal offers a less doughy bagel !
it is the best deal in town for a monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
do n't waste your time or your money .
you can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc .
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !
furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
it 's worthwhile to take a cab to chelsea just for an awesome dinner at my chelsea .
it 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
service was also very good .
we did n't know if we should order a drink or leave ?
compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
great wine selection , gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
we went to ino for valentines .
even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
the crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
i have tried literally every restaurant on curry row .
went last thursday .
you 'll pay at least double at any other italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
the prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
we were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
no gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
the svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
at first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
after being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
place is open till late , no dress code .
food is usually very good , though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
never in my life did i think that i could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in nyc .
the first time i went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , i ordered the lobster cobb salad .
love yuka .
go here for the drinks !
you 'll adore it .
this is the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try-state area .
the staff greeted me warmly at the door and i was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
i always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry - interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat .
succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
the place is a lot of fun .
have to tell you : not at all impressed .
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
if you are a tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
i do n't think i would go again .
service was wonderful ;
i suspect this restaurant is what rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
it wo n't break the bank but i also wouldnt come back for the food .
there is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
we also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
incredibly poor service an food quality at exorbitant prices .
highly recommended .
an excellent service
i 'm a friendly person , so i would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
food is great .
the flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
i 've had better chicken at bbqs !!!!
hurley 's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came .
i 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
it is about food and ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
but the coconut rice was good .
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
great friendly service , fast seating , fast delivery , excellent sushi .
the service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an ac/dc concert or a knicks game .
the pizza is yummy and i like the atmoshpere .
from the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
i thought going to jimmys would give me a real domincan exprience .
we love th pink pony .
my only complaint might be the fortune cookies - i 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before i visited kar .
i got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
my sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who do n't know what they are doing .
delivery is fast too .
and these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
i 'm sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho .
the atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
get the pepperoni - yum - and a family style salad .
by far , the best pizza in manhattan .
we asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
i had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , i 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
this quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my manhattan restaurant list .
our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
if you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quite and exquisite choice .
and evaluated on those terms pastis is simply wonderful .
we will go back every time we are in the city .
my chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , westernized japanese dishes such as foie gras unagi napolean , jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
i loved this place !!
in such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
the food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic thai cuisine .
do n't go with a larger group than 4 !
more williamsburg garbage
slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
there are other people waiting !
also , i personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
worth visiting the 1st ave spot because it is the original store .
haru on park s is simply disgusting .
light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of vietnamese places in paris .
i thought this place was totally overrated .
went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
the food is very good and the service is great .
this lovely french-asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on smith street .
would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait , when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes , the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for ?
while the food was good ( certainly no il mulino ) the service was horrendous .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
innovations are just as assured , from the simple carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
sake collection was excellent ( try nanbu bijin ) , but pricy .
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
the thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
definitely a neighborhood favorite .
aside from the sea urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including fatty yellow tail , boton shrimp , blue fin torro ( fatty tuna ) , sea eel , etc .
plus they made a perfect martini .
our experience did not ever get any better .
we were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a. being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
the food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
take a good sense of humor , an american express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop , gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
i 'll be back soon .
the pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in nyc .
the sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
while finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good ( kimono shrimp special was excellent ) and has a great atmosphere .
no thanks !!!
it took about 2-1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
the waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
i agree that dining at casa la femme is like no other dining experience !
get the tuna of gari .
rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
the design and atmosphere is just as good .
as a fan of thai , i have tried quite a few different restaurants in nyc and this one was definitely the worst .
try the peanut butter sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
the service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
the dj is awesome , i have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and i keep going back .
i will be going back and heartily recommend it !
the best chinese food uptown !
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese .... both very tasty .
they also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional mediterranean fare .
we saw them heating up at least one frozen item though i 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
the food was so-so .
this is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
the food is great .
went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
my friends and i have been going here regularly for two years .
when i lived upstate for a while i would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
just go in and sample the greatest french food west of daniel .
the food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
the fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
also very inexpensive .
prices are in line .
this small astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in new york .
at first i was rolling my ideas of yet another french place on the ues .
the staff is 100 % italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
walk-ins are risky too .
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town .
jimmy is dominican !
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of mott street just south of canal .
we ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
but who says murray 's is anything about service .
i 've been to joya twice and i will never go again .
subtle food and service
the quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
try the cheesecake !
this place ... god where do i begin .
for myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion , i do prefer smaller , quiter restaurants .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
if you go to roth 's try to be served by mike , he is great !!
last time i went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
siam square is fairly new to the neighborhood and i think in time will gain the recognition it deserves .
when the main course finally arrived ( another 45 mins ) half of our order was missing .
the best thing i tasted were the lambchops .
the food is great , service is ok .
a great addition to smith street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing ugg boots .
i 'm going back .
had dinner here on a friday and the food was great .
montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
the yellowtail was particularly good as well .
this place has the best indian food in new york , hands down .
this place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
had a great experience at trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - i would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
poor service and management
we usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
the service is perfect too nothing wrong in this italian/french restaurant
the makhani was ok -- the korma was bland .
cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
best dining experience in the west village !
have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
i had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
i only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most nyc italian joints i 've tried similar dishes at .
we enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
the sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
my wife and i will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
i recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
all of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
service - friendly and attentive .
they are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
not a great place for family or general dining .
after dealing with subpar pizza all over the kensington neighborhood - i 've found little toninos .
the dim sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
the two waitress 's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
this place is so much fun .
also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
had a late night dinner on a saturday night .
i am bringing my whole family back next time .
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
i am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and i was still hungry after my visit to this place !
the food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
old school meets new world .
i went here for a family birthday dinner .
the crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped , but it has old school charm .
each bite of food at kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
the waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
for dinner i had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
i grew up on these bagels .
delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
he was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :
the specials are usually quite good too .
this restaurant was way overhyped .
a very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
it was huge , delicious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
great indian food and the service is incredible .
the bread is top notch as well .
we called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
highly recommended for a first date .
i went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
the bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
i absolutely love this place !!!
i 've been here twice now .
disappointingly , their wonderful saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
it is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's nyc !
but , they were too big for the bun .
we were very impressed with the food and value .
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
the turkey burgers are scary !
i like mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , kati rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
the hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
it 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
the food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
i have eaten a lot of pizza here .
look elsewhere .
the bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the " free " appetizer of olives was disappointing .
meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
the food is very good , but not outstanding .
the scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
it can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
but the service was a bit slow .
over .
just stick with the small dishes !
best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
the place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
just wish they 'd expand .
to me it exemplifies soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
we were less than impressed .
the music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
after i paid for my purchase , i noticed they had not given me utensils so i could eat my pie .
i stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway .
probably would not go back here .
you wo n't be dissapointed .
i book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot .
in the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , ny crowd .
anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , i would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to tamari .
tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
nevertheless , i finished my plate , and that 's when i found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
this is the best unknown restaurant in and around new york .
ummm ... the beer was cold .
a guaranteeed delight !
i recently tried suan and i thought that it was great .
i am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .
great atmoshere and worth every bit .
service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
in summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of suan ) !!!
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
they are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip .
on the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because i have never had anything but a perfect experience at yasuda .
but still my date was bad
you rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
delicious , creative and fun .
i was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all great beer !
best pastrami i ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
the restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the hudson river and the statue of liberty .
highly recommended ... as stated , i have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
i wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and i paid dearly for it .
best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
you must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
this is , by far , my favorite restaurant in nyc and i only wish it were more affordable so i could go more often !
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
the blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome .
le pere pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
the best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
the food was good .
great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
my friend had a burger and i had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
the service was excellent and the food was delicious .
my vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
my friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
this was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
i have never had a bad meal ( or bad service ) @ pigalle .
two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
the food is great and reasonably priced .
i went to kitchenette this weekend for brunch .
the food is decent .
the service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
as a student in nyu i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by .
the quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
it 's also attached to angel 's share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
however , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked perrrrrrrrrfect .
i would go back tho .
went to cafe spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
i ca n't imagine how much worse it would have been if we 'd gone at a prime time !
check it out
i 've had better japanese food at a mall food court .
loved it !
a cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
the portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
when we arrived at 6:00 pm , the restaurant was practically empty .
wretched and retching
molto bene !
leon is an east village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic french bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
the tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
i was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
i ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
you can not go wrong at the red eye grill .
the service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
best in all of nyc
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
the prices are wonderfully low .
there was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
the plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
i really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto - yum ! ) .
raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
you must try the shrimp appetizers .
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
the food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
i really did n't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of grand central .
for $ 760 for 2 people , it 's a once in a lifetime experience .
stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
have always had a great time here .
great , original taste .
you should pass on the calamari .
probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
i did n't complain , i liked the atmosphere so much .
unbelievable .
based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 pm .
i have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
my boyfriend had prime rib it was good .
i recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .
service is great , takeout is good too .
it is loud , hot and dark .
in an area sadly lacking in decent thai food , this is one of the best spots .
this is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
in fact , you ca n't miss it .
i think i 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
not a very fancy place but very good chinese style indian food .
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .
while most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in new york bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
great indian food !
luckily we saved room for the bbq salmon , sea bass and crispy duck .
besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
we started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
the sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
having moved i truly miss this place .
this place survives on reputation alone .
judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
the decor is designed in a contemporary japanese style restaurant .
the decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
if you want something really different than try jekyll and hyde .
give it a try and enjoy .
the reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .
this was a great surprise .
creative , consistent , fresh .
we had a wonderful meal at naples 45 a month ago on a visit to nyc .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
what 's the difference between the two ?
my friends spoke so much about it for months , i finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
this place has the best interior i have seen anywhere in the northside of w ' burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
for the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated .
it was pretty inexpensive too .
the drinks are great , especially when made by raymond .
will give it another chance before i write it off .
love al di la
we were less than impressed .
over price , and small portions .
it is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with japanese cuisine .
i heard the lobster roll was excellent .
the menu is nothing like the one on the website .
i loved this place !!
the place was nice and calm .
inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
i was very disappointed with this restaurant .
but that is highly forgivable .
i take all my nyc guests to vt 's .
i recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
p.s. please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
we ended up in little italy in late afternoon .
we had the lobster sandwich and it was fantastic .
authentic taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
for instance , plates were just dumped on the table , i was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
the staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
great restaurant , and even greater food !
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .
the bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
less = more in their case .
it 's one of our favorite places to eat in ny .
i would recommend jewel bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
so , i switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe i could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that i just could not bite through it .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
for many people , this may not seem like aunthentic thai food because most places in nyc arent quite authentic .
everything we had was good or ok .... but definitely nothing great .
the food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for purple haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
we all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , i felt there was more than enough food .
i 've never been disappointed .
grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5 pm and it was very crowded and noisy .
that said , i thought scalini fedeli was one of the best dining experiences i 've ever had .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
it 's always quiet because it 's awful .
chef vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real roman .
the service is excellent and always informative without an air .
good drink .
never have i had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c i live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
pizza - the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
we wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
i started going to dosa hut more after that .
i 'm no food critic , but i 'd like to think i have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in ny for the last 11 years .
also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
so rude !!!
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
the owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable .
we ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the thai section of the menu but nothing we got was thai .
the unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad ( including asking for salad dressing ) and was instead given a quesedilla .
not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
it was pretty inexpensive too .
the entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
i would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
this is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
food is great and inexpensive .
the only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on fridays .
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
wont come back again for sure !
the cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
to be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of teodora .
ask for usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
we had a good time .
all in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
i am reluctant to write because i would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
while the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
a mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
i have lived in ny for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
they have authentic indian at amazin prices .
we had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
the food was good too .
wo n't or ca n't is not in the service directory .
the food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
i would only go for the coffee which is way better than starbucks or the like .
the waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
service was decent , but not as smooth as i would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
it 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the pink pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
a gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
however , i was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from london noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
everything at sala thai is tasty and well-portioned .
add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
to dine at thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
old school meets new world .
remind me of home .
i do n't get it either .
pizza was a little soggy .
i 'm partial to the gnocchi .
beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the must !
the prices were fantastic .
the portions are huge , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
i love it .
oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
the appetizing is excellent - just as good as zabars barney greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus mcds or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
wine list is not huge but def well selected .
this place had all the trimmings and i mean all .
the pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
good drink .
i thought i had died and gone to heaven .
the food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( wow ) you 'll need no more .
i love this place !
other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .
with the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
the last two times i ordered from here my food was soo spicy that i could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
the ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
very good wine choices .
the miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
the food is great ( big selection , reasonable prices ) and the drinks are really good .
based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place i would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for dim sum again .
there are so many other great places to go to eat and drink .... . this place is not worth it ...
you must try the garlic soup !
joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning !
the cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
the pad thai is excellent here , as well .
last tuesday for a late lunch with a friend .
and all of that wo n't break your bank !
the waiters always look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
the fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
i was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
i highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
highly recommended .
the food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
i fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork .
we only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
i will definetly be going back .
since i was in the neighborhood , we made sure to give this a try .
all of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
the food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
the best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
the lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
this place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
love the food .
others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .
this tiny williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
i 've had the lunch buffet at chennai a couple of times , when i have been in the neighborhood .
it was good , but was not what i thought it would be .
there is nothing more pleasant than that .
when she complained , the waitress said , sorry .
excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
it is bland and nothing extrodinary .
i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at leon last weekend was great - .
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
while they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
i had filet mignon with garlic mash .
if celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
the staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
this is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
i asked for a simple medium rare steak .
either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table , while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th .
we were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager tony gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
vanison was good but not amazing .
if you like the food and the value you get from some of chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
there are numerous shavue restaurants in la , but few out here .
we ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
at the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
he offers subpar service and has no personality .
try the green curry !!!
hip boutiques and bars on ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
i thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
black white shakes came out good also .
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan .
leon is an east village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic french bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
but i would n't wan na live there .
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
build a meal with side orders like amazin ' greens salads , buffalo chicken kickers and cinna stix .
the only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
this place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
we were in search of food and stumbled on this block of indian restaurants on east sixth street .
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
everything about this place was wonderful .
quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi i have ever tried .
for desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha powdered green tea and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
for those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all i can say is that they just do n't get it .
overall , excellent restaurant !
my friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
we always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
service - friendly and attentive .
you can get an excellent meal at most of the many indian restaurants on nearby lexington avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
while there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
do n't waste money on decor .
go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
the one up front will smile and say what can i get for you , brother ?
result ( red velvet ) : great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
you should pass on the calamari .
i have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
this is a real gem of a place .
we were looking forward to nice glass of sangria when we arrived .
you can not go wrong with this place .
the people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in new york sometimes .
too bad latin quarters closed .
the dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally i 'd drink popcorn topping before i 'd eat another one of these .
the hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
the lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
highly recommended to all !
prices are in line .
a narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
we 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
much more reasonably priced too !
since my first dinner i have had the chance to have brunch at orsay 3x .
the food was absolutely amazing !!
we even had a visit from the manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about .
service was prompt and courteous .
my suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , i called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
stay away if you 're claustrophobic
i have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
so , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ...
the bestt !
the service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
however it is the only taiwanese restaurant in town .
definitely worth the trip to battery park city !
the wine list is interesting and has many good values .
then , get ripped on free box wine .
have been several times and it never dissapoints .
nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
i was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but i guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
the food was spicy and delicious .
great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
you fellas above says its the best taiwanese restaurant in town .
i attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
we do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
he ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .
ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
my entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
horrible experience - stay away !
one caveat : some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
you are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in bay ridge .
bravo , blue hill !
the staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
but nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
i have eaten at many pizza places around nyc and this is hands down the worst .
i 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
great food , great decor , great service .
just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service i need ...
for $ 600 ( the most we have ever paid ) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .
this restaurant was recommended by a local ... as a matter of fact , he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed !
you will not be missing anything .
the service is fantastic .
i got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago , i was in your upstrairs dining area .
so sorry i ca n't rate this better .
just not good at all .
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends !
the atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20 's / 30 year olds also .
deff recimmend bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
the design and atmosphere is just as good .
the staff has always been attentive and kind , and i 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
my co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
the concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly does n't work .
the view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderful .
i love margherita pizza - i love east village pizza
save room for the desserts ! ; - )
we have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
the sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
the lox is always fresh too .
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples .
the high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
the pizza was great .
average to good thai food , but terrible delivery .
you order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
this is a great thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
i 've been living in the columbia university area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .
( besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
i 've been to naples 45 for dinner twice .
i pray it stays open forever .
small , bright , and clean , bz grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in astoria and out .
awsome pizza especially the margheritta slice .
for being number 1 , this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation .
bad staff
the price very reasonable .
from the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
i 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years i 've been going .
yum , the chicken is great here .
the rest of the dim sum , though pricey by chinatown standards , is worth it .
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
the chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
i 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
they are located in the middle of chinatown !
vt is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
the lasagna was probably the best i have tasted .
please take my advice , go and try this place .
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
we 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
i went there for lunch and it was not as good as i expected from the reviews i read .
admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
seriously , this place kicks ass .
being puerto rican i know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best ( i hope mom does n't read this ! ) .
and it was quick which is very important .
sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
the ' kamasutra ' and ' bombay cosmopolitan ' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time .
however , the service is absolutely horrible .
do not get the go go hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
i will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
the fries are yummy .
also get the onion rings -- best we 've ever had .
and you 're hungry a few hours later .
my husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
owner is pleasant and entertaining .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to margharita 's on washington street instead , they have amazing food and the best service .
if you do n't mind all that noise then go to the chart house .
the waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
this place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
but that is highly forgivable .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead .
the lack of ac and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
problem is nothing at prune is particularly memorable .
regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you five minutes .
great wine , great food .
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .
the food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
i 've been there a few times , and i usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
i love the little pie company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the grand central location due to their rude service from two sales people .
the service is descent even when this small place is packed .
over the years the host , vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
this place , however , has a lot less pretension than joya and the thai food is still above-average .
the fried dumplings are great !
the dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
we got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
in about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
i have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews i got take out last week .
this restaurant used to be our regular thursday night dinner location .
as always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
the service was attentive , yet discreet .
i had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye little rude pie company .
my husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
maybe it has improved since then ?
so what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
they treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
the food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for nyc .
the wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
where gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat .
was her monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
service is not what you are coming here for ...
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
the place is a lot of fun .
but that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing i have ever had .
from the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
we had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .
go for the seafood paella for two .
nothing special about this place .
my friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
i wish i could be refunded !
fantastic !
the prices are not terrible .
if you 're looking to taste some great indian food and want good service , definitely visit curry leaf .
what i did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
why do people rave about the ambience .
celebrated my fathers birthday here .
this food is asian-air fusion .
i have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
i have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - i dont mind .
the chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
we were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
but make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
but the service was a bit slow .
i asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
go here for the drinks !
if you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
service was efficient courteous .
do n't waste your time , or money !!
got a date ? go here !
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
one of the best chicken tikka masala .
big thumbs up !
the service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
they also do a great job for restaurant week .
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
the combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
the entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
you want to have a real hot dog in brooklyn ?
after reading the great reviews , i invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at taste .
first off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
will not be back .
still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
by the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
we had a great time at the jekyll and hyde pub last night .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
if you wrote a bad review , it 's because you do n't understand what rao 's is all about .
the owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .
they are amazing !
i wish i lived there as i would eat at this place as often as possible !
she replied " well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . "
even the wine by the glass was good .
the portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
decor is nice though service can be spotty .
though the spider roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
i have been to rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
he not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
i know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .
great service , great food .
we just ate at kai and were disapointed .
the service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and i would have rather eaten at a mcdonald 's than this joint .
the waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
prices are very good .
the food and service were fine , however the maitre-d was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
the best chicken pad tai , i 've ever had .
the waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
the flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
the pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
they forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
i came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
this will be only the third online review i have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
the place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll . . .
ok , for all of us growing up in the village of nyc , we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants , most of which stay open very late .
good experience
i 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
i would highly recommend nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
the owner truly caters to all your needs .
the palak paneer was standard , and i was not a fan of the malai kofta .
this bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
if the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items bbq-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
cute and decorative .
fish is so very fresh .
where tanks in other chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters , the tanks at ping 's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover 's brunch .
it helps if you know what to order .
this place is so much fun .
the decor is what initially got me in the door .
great sushi experience .
yes , the prices are high , but i felt it was worth it .
the dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
the pizza and wine were excellent - the service too -- but what really made this place was the backyard dining area .
i stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two fridays ago when i was with two friends in town from l.a.
we were very pleasantly surprised .
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
i literally just got back home after visiting casa la femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
the worst excuse for japanese food i 've ever encountered .
we were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
the halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
while we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and slow service ) and lack of remorse .
the takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
chinese desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness .
i felt as though i were eating in paris .
you are treated just like royality .
host and hostess was quite rude .
tuk tuk is my second favorite neighborhood thai place ( the first being joya ) .
it is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
looking around , i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
the food - not worth the price .
food is average , and i would say even the chain restaurant baluchi 's tastes better .
the lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
as bfc does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
a plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while i was there .
they also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and french with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
all i can say is they are fantastic .
this place is always very crowded and popular .
i have never ever had such an unpleasant experience .
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
after dinner i heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
the guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
thanks bloom 's for a lovely trip .
i live a block away and go to patsy 's frequently .
i do n't think i would go again .
do n't dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
you must try odessa stew or rabbit stew ; salads - all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
however , their popularity has yet to slow down , and i still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
my steak au poivre was one of the worst i 've had .
the main course had an average portion , and was decent overall .
pizza was a little soggy .
the meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
fast service .
highly recommended .
i ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it !
do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
it is expensive but well worth the money .
what you are paying for is the environment and the name .
food was ok .
the restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
i grew up on these bagels .
the hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
suan has challenged this loyalty .
we picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
i love this place !
try green curry with vegetables .
we arrived and were seated immediately , which made us both happy .
after really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
you could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other french bistros .
other apetizers and food
when we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in la . .
awesome
i have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .
i have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
i would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not that great .
kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
the food at this place is ' gourmet ' indian cuisine .
fantastic place .
if only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
no thanks !!!
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
we were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
i have never been disappointed in the red eye .
unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
i recommend it !
not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
always busy but fast moving .
i did not try the caviar but i tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
i have to agree with the previous reviewer .
some pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing not impressive at all .
the space kind of feels like an alice in wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
we parked on the block of nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
our teenage kids love it , too .
just because p diddy had a party at butter does n't mean we should be automatically impressed .
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food .
this is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
it 's also attached to angel 's share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
i went at 6:00 pm specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
the service was typical short-order , dinner type .
get it together .
service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions .
we got most of it back at home with us .
i drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at scores .
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
i really recommend the very simple unda egg rolls .
the tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
i reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
if you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
the owner truly caters to all your needs .
we loved it and will go back !
desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their tart of the day .
i would not recommend meet at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
get over it !
make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to time square .
she then put the check down without asking if we were done , and came to check on the bill every two minutes , even though we were one of three occupied tables .
you should travel from the bronx to try it ...
this is the best thing in soho .
i was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
overall , worht every penny .
although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
fish was overdone .
enjoy !!!
which of course is not real kobe but wagyu beef .
the porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
if you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
the pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
on the recommendation of a friend , i checked out arezzo with my wife .
after 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn .
i can not imagine better indian food in all of the city .
what a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
big wong gets big ups for a fine establishment .
we were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
i like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
calling the place hampton chutney co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
good food .
i think the restaurant was too loud ( when full ) to be romantic .
great pizza and fantastic service .
of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
the place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
the thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
best things to order are from the grill ( churrasco and ribs ) .
it 's really a takeaway place , i would n't sit if i could take it home .
it 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
this is the best italian restaurant in the city .
cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
i 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
the veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
we will be back .
the food was just ok , i would never go back .
interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
for me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
and as soon as one person is done , she asked to pick up the plate immediately .
i am happy i did the food was awsome .
so for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
the filet mignon dish was superb !
everyone was more then happy with his choices .
delish and made to your liking !
alain ducasse is the best of everything , i mean everything was excelent . i
at this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , i was literally so shocked that i was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress walked away .
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
i work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
we arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly . the
i went to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
it 's a really great deal , considering we got full off of four dollars .
try the pad thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
so all i 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant i 've ever been to .
it took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
it was good , but none of the flavors wow .
way below average
finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
i 'll keep this short .
overall , the best bagel in town .
in terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
my fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh , a favorite and sweet tasting bread .
yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
most importantly , food is excellent .
the shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
wont come back again for sure !
as to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
the menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
this place is always packed .
highly recommended !!!!!
good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
really , i find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
it 's convenient .
i went to df for valentines day dinner .
simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
i was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
the host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
the ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
we had great desserts ( including the best cannoli i 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
i found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
the food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
the ceiling is amazing !
i was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
the worst though was the taste .
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
a con was the slow bar service .
my host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
i can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
there was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at pastis .
highly recommended !
btw , the service is very good .
good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
the crispy chicken was n't for us , though .
i have never been disappointed in the red eye .
the red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
when it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time , walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted ... excuse me but is n't that his job ???
she lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
not the typical nyc gimmick theme restaurant .
food was decent , but not great .
i loved it and would highly recommend .
the decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
we laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , i feel .
the service was on point - what else you would expect from a ritz ?
they treat me like family , morning and night .
as there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at taj mahal .
the steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
food was luke warm .
fish is so very fresh .
the takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , i ca n't wait !
this staff should be fired .
what a hassle !
be sure to accompany your food with one of their fresh juice concoctions .
i have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which i would expect at a upscale indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
terrible waste of money . . scammers
sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .
everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled mahi mahi , seemingly drenched in grapfruit juice !
the dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
if you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
the food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
casa la femme is to middle eastern dining what chuckie cheeze is to italian .
i seriously doubt i will ever dine at jimmy 's bronx , or for that matter , jimmy 's uptown , again .
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
i recommend this place to everyone .
mizu is the japenese find in grammercy .
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called , cold and soggy .
mmmmm ... it was delicious .
we were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
we never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
if just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
this is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
not a small feat for good french food in the area .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers ( nice non-sushi selection ) .
we had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
between my guest and i , we sampled at least 80 % of the menu , and they were all hits .
my wife and i ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
the spicy tuna roll is huge and probably the best that i 've had at this price range .
everyone i bring here always loves it .
horrible food and horrible service .
the martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
and it was quick which is very important .
i think the stuff was better than disney .
i can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
my husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
the caeser salad was great .
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
the only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple asian appetizers and drinks .
in the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
i highly recommend it .
however , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
the people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak english , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
however , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
the only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to roth 's is the strip house .
the staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
the staff was the friendliest that have seen in new york .
going to volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great italian cook .
the restaurant is cute but not upscale .
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects .
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood .
the vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
it is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
veal parmigana - better than patsy 's !
decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
we will be back .
go to volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
satisfying .
anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
the place is a bistro which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
i come from a family of pizzeria owners , and i 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
i 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : a new jazz bar , the most fantastic dining garden , the best thin crust pizzas , and now a lasagna menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
most of the booths allow you to sit next to each other without looking like ' that ' couple .
i have been going there since it opened and i ca n't get enough .
( always ask the bartender for the seasonal beer !!!
we had our christmas party at dos caminos and it was wonderful .
otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
nha trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
a wonderful place !
friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
enough said !
the drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , i 'm willing to overlook it .
first the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
even though i made the reservation at 3 pm for the same night through dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
the service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
as a long-time patron of mamoun 's , i always figured that i had found the best late night food spot in the city .
we went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a saturday , and i was thoroughly impressed with the food .
the quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
the sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
i went here with my boyfriend and another couple .
best italian food i ever had ( and being italian , that means alot ) .
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
interior was so so .
one of the more authentic shanghainese restaurants in the us definitely the best in manhattan chinatown .
again , the waitress was awesome .
try everything for that matter , it is all good .
this was the worst dining experience i 've ever had .
ive been to many thai restaurants in manhattan before , and toons is by far the best thai food ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
go for it !
went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
the atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
the food is great .
go to japanese sushi place or spanish tapas place - this creation in williamsburg is a misstake .
the service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
anyway , this is the last time i cross the williamsburg .
love pizza 33 . .
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when i went .
the yellowfin tuna and calf 's liver are my favorites !
taxan delicious !
the seafood dynamite is also otherworldly .
considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , i expect better service .
the service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
the food was actually aweful .
been there , done that , and new york , it 's not that big a deal .
quartino is my favoriate resturant in nyc .
quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
the food is terrible and overall , i would have to say avoid at all costs .
we will be back .
good food good wine that 's it .
it was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken .
my friends and i experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at artisanal last night .
the new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites ( but they raised the prices ) , the staff is friendly most of the time , but i must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : no , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
if you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
one of my favorite places in manhattan .
but they do .
from the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just fantastic .
i believe there were 2 shrimp in the salt encrusted shrimp appetizer .
the pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
for park avenue i expected so much more .
believe me , they live up to the name .
the food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
downtown dinner 2002 - prixe fix : appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
the wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
do not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
while the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
we ate at this thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
i was glad i did .
the white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
what generous portions !
it 's cute and simple and i loved it .
tasty dog !
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
