point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest .
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .
the most important thing for me is sound quality .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
got way too many blurry pictures .
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue .
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .
one thing puzzles me is that for " fine and 2200 + " quality pictures , one ultra 256mb cf card can only hold 130-140 pics , but the size of the pictures are only around 1.2 mb , the math does not add up .
the dvd player does not work properly .
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
no line out jack - as i said , there is none .
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful .
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings .
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off .
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
that 's important because i have a lot of music .
i only have one question , when i add tracks to my nomad , via nomad explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order .
after @ 3 months , it stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad .
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can ' t go wrong .
the other company is currently " out of stock " so i ordered another from amazon and will be taking the original back to the competitor today .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
if you are ok paying $ x00 for something that can be used now , but is likely to both get better and cost less in the future then try to determine which device is the lesser of evils for you .
go for it !
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
charged my battery .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
now getting back to this .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .
it was just a problem with the player .
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
great screen and great sound .
my office would not let me put the software on to my work computer .
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
moving the viewfinder elsewhere on the camera will remove the lens distortion but increase the parallax phenomenon .
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24 hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched !
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
if you have to buy a camera on a buget , this has got to be the one .
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
i am very pleased with it so far .
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 !
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( i would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ) .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
i used lexar 256 mb and i still use it which means nothing is wrong with lexar .
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
usually around the time the 90 day warranty expires .
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can ' t play everything .
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
it says i have a harddisk problem .
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
2 ) 4mp is about right for the target market of this camera ( semi-serious amateur photographer )
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
hope i 've been of some help .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back .
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) .
hard drives ( this is what most ipods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 gb of memory ) .
this is not a handbag camera .
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
it did not lock up my computer or require a reboot .
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
the only thing i 'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ?
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
it would have been better to have some sort of window on teh carrying case , so you could see the display without opening it .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
that 's the first thing to understand .
what i really want is a $ 1,500 digital slr with a full frame sensor that will take my nikon lenses .
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can ' t possibly be more than one !
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan . . .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
you can ' t find the mpeg playback on high priced units .
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
the t610 can also compose music , a feature which most wo n't use .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
it is easy to " focus " in on the drawbacks , so do n't think i hate this camera .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
i didnt wait to experiment .
the powershot g3 is a great camera .
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks .
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
the moveable lcd screen is great .
great phone . . .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i upgraded to a 6610 at my local t-mobile store .
why i do n't can this product without a plan ?
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works .
i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so .
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
wo n't play a lot of discs .
had it for a week .
it 's almost like having a media player / file manager built into the dvd player .
hope i helped !
added 2-24 .
is my unit defective ?
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
i 'm not sure why people have problems with either the interface of the nomad , or the software that comes with the unit .
yes , i push the button down halfway first to avoid the autofocus delay .
now we come to the zen xtra . . .
very bad quality .
i can not recommend it enough ! !
it did lock up on me a couple of times .
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
the software sucks .
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
now my little 6610 is the most coveted item at school !
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad .
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
you can even skip that step and rip them directly from the cd to the player .
great design and looks cool .
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title . .
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .
5 hours max . i did it like this
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
the service deafults to showing the information associated with your billing zip code , but you can change the default and seach other areas while on the go .
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .
- best in class sound
overall an excellent phone .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
now i need to buy myself another one !
1 no direct firewire to the camera .
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music .
four megapixels is great .
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update that was available on their website .
- bright , visible screen
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .
i am a soldier serving in baghdad right now .
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest .
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
( i would have appreciated having a firewire plug , however )
it sure does !
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
at this time , i decided to turn the player on , and much to my surprise it comes with quite the little library of classical music , one of which is a childhood favorite , bach 's air .
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
and with the panoramic " stitch " mode , it guides you through stitching together multiple pictures to build a seamless panoramic image .
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .
plays them all .
some of the great gains over g2 --
the two main reasons i had for getting this model were the range of disks types played and the recommendation of a friend .
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
excellent idea !
any film zoom p and s would have given superior results with a minimal effort .
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you .
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .
sound quality :
it is a teeny phone , so it is hard to put a big mechanism in .
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features .
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .
canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc .
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card .
if you 're like me , that will definitely make you pause .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
again , though , it has only been used sparingly .
the batteries would not charge .
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy it from lack a research and testing in one season .
i particularly like the way it aids me in taking my macro shots .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
i 've compared and compared and compared .
is eax faulty ?
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos !
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
i have n't tried setting up any playlists yet so i can ' t comment on any problems there .
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone .
here were my requirements in a digital camera :
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
this player is an ideal purchase .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !
you can ' t simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it .
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n't anticipate any problems with it .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
you do n't have this problem if you make your playlist from the nomad , where cds are listed separately .
having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers .
the manual mode is feature rich and i can ' t wait to get the hang of it .
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know .
( i guess only time will tell ? )
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter .
if it were not for that i would have given it 4 .
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
after finally stumbling upon this zen nx player , i knew i had found what i was looking for .
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 . . .
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back .
so buy the g3 .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " .
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
you have to add them to the playing list .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
you can read the other reviews for specs and performance opinions .
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty .
because , you will be dissapointed .
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
ease of use :
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw . and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey .... . never mind .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com , http://www.nomadness.net
i bought my canon g3 about a month ago and i have to say i am very satisfied .
the radio :
wow , dennis sure is great !
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) .
karma gets consistently good reviews for sound quality and connectivity from its docking device , which has rca output jacks and ethernet jacks for connectivity .
i have a dvd burner .
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device .
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
if you have a question , they have the answer .
sure enough there is no such ability .
11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
i 'll just say this . . .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
i can replace that if the scratch is unbearable to look at .
this thing is trash .
i needed something with more power , so i bought a nikon coolpix 4300 .
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .
well i decided to get this one .
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
after messing with it at a store i noticed how bad the i-pod was .
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive .
i have had no problems with the phone .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon .
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
if you 're intrested in buying a spare battery it 'll run you another $ 50 , a little steep i thought .
( good going , amazon ) .
( but as any hard drive , all of them freeze at certain points )
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .
if you want to listen to tunes while you travel , i 'd get a hard drive because you can put so much on the thing - including audio books .
first of all , many actions that the player utilizes do n't make sense . .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software .
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .
like most people , i do n't want to read the instructions , i just want to use it .
you need the software to actually transfer files
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
the shutter lag is on par with what i 've experienced with point and shoot 35 mm and aps film cameras and the next frame advance is about a couple seconds using a high speed 12x 128mb compact flash card a salesperson recommended the high speed card since next frame advance speed was important to me - and it was only a few dollars more .
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase .
and so i must ask , what are cameras for ?
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .
i can ' t rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week .
bought the apex ad-2600 from amazon in 12/03 mainly on price , $ 49.99 - $ 10 rebate = $ 39.99 .
this puts the zen in line with players like the rca jukebox and the whole line of archos players ( the newer ones are a bit better than the original archos jukeboxes ... but i popped out the drive in my 20 gig jukebox recorder and put in a 60 gig drive and use it exclusively as a powered portable usb 2.0 drive ) .
the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
i forgot , the case does n't fit .
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
bluetooth functionality would have made the phone even better .
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
the navigation is nice enough , but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks , hundreds of albums or artists , or even dozens of genres is not conductive to save driving .
the player : it 's silver .
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since .
overall , a very disappointing product .
i simply watched the extra features on another player .
the g2 was better in this respect .
usb 2.0 transfer is insanely fast .
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast !
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience .
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can ' t understand why eax would introduce static .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo . . .
- included creative software is pretty poor .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
but canon never fails to amaze .
nokia does not disappoint in this model .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .
battery life :
it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
do n't let my five star rating fool you .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory .
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet .
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time .
for an early christmas gift , i got a zen xtra 40 gb player .
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and wo n't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .
minor gripe .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work .
i would not hesitate to purchase this if you are uncertain of the brand name .
after about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player .
after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " .
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case .
i can of course buy such a tool off the shelves separately but helps if it comes with my camera .
overall i 'm happy with my toy .
great features . . .
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
and then you will start to belive them .
no big deal for the size . .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
while the ipod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the zen is better .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .
prior to the purchase , none of my digital camera friends mentioned the delay between pressing the shutter button and the camera taking the picture .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
amazon is awaesome !
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .
i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas .
how easy is it for me to get to a certain menu ?
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
i refused to go for an ipod , i am not going to spend all that money just for the apple name and because it is " trendy " to have that player .
some may complain that there 's no drag-and-drop capability , but what they should realize is that this is mainly a portable music player , not a computer accessory or hard drive .
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
frequent signal searches eat up battery power .
the battery life is ok , but can be somewhat short when working a lot with the monitor on .
i was prepared to love it .
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
only if we could get one camera in it . .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
bought this product about a month ago and have used it in a variety of situations .
that 's probably a bad thing .
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5 .1 sound good ) .
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
this was the closest alternative and best buy for this type .
i 'm starting to listen to cd 's that i have n't listened to in years now that i have them all handy in one place .
i am not talking milliseconds .
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
come on , at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy it .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
subsequent behavior even worse .
if creative offered a 12-month warranty on their mp3 players , i 'd be covered .
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player .
anyways , canon has improved upon the g2 with this g3 .
night mode is clear as day .
everyone who says i can ' t buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
" check out " !
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
- price : see above .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
get better headphones .
first let me give you the bad things :
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .
the remote is a little hard to understand .
this is all i have to say .
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .
+ takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .
my advice to mp3 buyers : consider how much storage space you will need , then try and listen before you buy -- mp3 players can only fully evaluated by holding and listening to them .
its quiet .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating .
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts .
zen good points :
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !
it has a hold button to deactivate the buttons to avoid accidents ; however , enough reviewers have complained that the hold button is easily broken and then the device can ' t be used .
what task do they perform ?
it does have a digital zoom on top of the optical zoom , but you sacrifice quality .
song transfers were not an issue .
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time .
i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ) .
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
in addition , you can create play lists where you can create the equivalent to a compilation cd right on your player .
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
was it a full moon that night ?
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .
the reason for this the ipod has " a better user interface " .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
i would say that this is not a major issue , but it can be slightly annoying if you care about these things .
unlike the ipod , this is fully windows compatible and can be used right out of the box .
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 .
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short .
that 's all for now .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ...
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .
i have n't figured it out yet .
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
for me the sound of the music is what is important .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in that country .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
still no response .
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .
i have not spent much time with the included software , so i do n't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
i then played it through my ps2 and there was no problem there either .
i would recommend buying one .
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive
then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . "
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
of course you do !
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
great quality picture and features .
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
that would be a nice compromise between jpeg and raw .
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems .
plugged it in .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1-1/2 years ago .
is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does notmad explorer from red chair software do this ?
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
my favorite is to play " any track " - am rediscovering my music !
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
recently , i attended a " flyball " competition
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
well that is not true .
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
do n't waste your money .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !
does n't always register push-button movement .
hope someone else has better luck !
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .
unfortunately , the neutral density filters for the metz flash are no longer available , so the first problem cant easily be solved .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
* software is absolutely terrible :
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so .
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great .
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
i took great care of the screen , till i realized that the part that might get scratched is part of the cover .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked .
learning how to use it will not take very long .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
after receiving my zen xtra 40gb mp3 player . . .
because this camera is beautiful .
however , it does n't register instantly as a hard drive like other players .
also , for some reason the picture looks washed out on s-video , with lots of color bleeding , compared to a component connection ( should not be much of a perceptible difference on a 27 " tv ) .
my first impression was positive .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
the pros :
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well .
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common .
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .
i 've had the camera for about two weeks and shot hundreds of pictures so far .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
if this is your fist dvd player .
the karma does have a stop button .
installed software .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards . . . they were ) . . .
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem .
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
what is up .
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch .
as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
so , i recomend it , but not for those that have any hearing troubles , or for those that like to talk a lot in crowded public places ( which is annoying , by the way . )
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
not a big hassle as many would have you think .
5 . the 1/200 sec , f5 .6 + nd filter for highly exposed ( or very brightly lit ) environments .
i do n't really like bounce .
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
absolutely breathtaking .
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive .
but the earbuds suck !
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk !
i can ' t speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can ' t be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
they refunded my $ $ $ so fast and paid for the shipping back .
advertising pays off i guess . . .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
i 've bought 3 apex dvd players now .
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it .
after about a minute of trying to tell me that most people use the lcd and not the view finder , they finally admitted , it was a design flaw in the camera .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .
i ordered this player for christmas , and so far i have it for only 2 weeks .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
that meant even less light and just as much action .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
final verdict :
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
extremely convenient .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
boy was i wrong .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
when the player was working it was great , but .
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .
i refuse to buy anything made by apple and the nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder structure .
i do hope that they offer more faceplate options .
i own another canon - an eos ( 35 mm film ) camera .
they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck .
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it .
the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
that 's been my experience .
wow . . .
i love this player .
for other problems go to http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can ' t get a video signal from the machine .
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
3 . with low battery , it twice wiped out the entire pictures in the memory chip .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .
i have no buyers remorse with this baby , and i never will .
honestly , i love this player .
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
people i talk to on the speakerphone are shocked when it comes out at times that i 'm even using a speakerphone .
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player .
it 's just easier for me since i can make on the fly adjustments .
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
what can i say , i bought the ad600 2 years ago and it was probly the best dvd player ever , quality design , stable , plus it uses a standard ide interface so you can use an old dvd drive from your computer if the player dies .
no more annoying series of beeps .
what a disappointment !
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
the dvd player just would ' t recognize them .
however , the creative lab did come out new update to fix their software problems .
also , you need to have the headset plugged in all the time to have the radio work and that can get tedious .
audio on video also lacking .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
therefore , if you wanted to travel abroad and pop in a local sim card , even if you unlock the phone , there is no way you can use the local wap browser or internet .
the fm radio is cool .
the image quality is excellent .
( 1 gb = 1,000 mb )
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player . for the first three hours , and then it died .
two months ago , an internal part failed ( not due to customer abuse ; it just failed ) .
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo .
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
the grain was terrible .
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) . . .
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com !
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go . . .
crappy headphones .
however , i should have followed my instincts :
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ) .
lastly , you can not manage anything on the ipod itself .
it 's easy .
great camera , great investment !
this did not give me enough control .
i give it 10 stars !
by what time standards -- martian ?
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
you could have paid more and got a lot less .
i ignored the instruction booklet ( as i do with any product ) and figured out how to organize separate playlists within minutes .
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
so what 's the problem ?
i can not stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
you can also set a background wallpaper .
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .
consider the time you save during picture taking especially not missing a good moment and during download , it 's well worth the little extra money .
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers .
so it was no loss .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
some feature i could turn on or off , or some attachment i could get .
the first one we installed did n't work , and our kids were devastated to say the least .
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back .
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .
i 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder . . .
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
a dock is unnecessary as the charger and usb cable do the necessary .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
my choices at that moment were to manually re-tag my music or re-rip using mediasource .
it took me about 5 minutes before i had mastered the controls .
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation .
since the front plate is removable to access the battery compartment , aftermarket alternate covers would not be difficult or expensive to make .
duplicates are a no brainer and cheap .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ) .
they fall in love with the product .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
i got this camera about a month ago and i can ' t put it down .
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations .
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
on my relatively new computer ( p4 with windows xp and usb 2.0 ) , the os complained about the installation of the drivers .
i am very pleased so far .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
but you do n't have to be .
as said before this works perfectly .
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera :
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .
i checked with nokia .
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .
i would have liked to have given it 4-1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .
the ipod costs more for the same amount of memory .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
it worked good for a while .
do n't buy this thing .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
you might think you are saving money by buying an apex but in the long run you will spend more .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
when you load a disc , you go to an internet cite for the insertion of the names for the cd and the tracks .
a 256 mb player ( roughly 60 songs for me ) is about x amount of dollars but a 30 gb ( 30,000 mb ) player ( roughly 6,650 songs ) sells for only slightly more .
i can ' t connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera .
i should have looked at it harder .
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
8 battery life is excellent .
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems .
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
i just got it today and have tried to verify the claims of other reviewers .
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though .
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 !
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....
no picture :
great price .
well in the beginning i was asking around for mp3 players .
one minor complaint :
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
i do n't think i was asking too much .
so what are you waiting for ?
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness .
the software , mediasource , can not work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) .
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel .
after a lot of research , i decided on the g3 .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it .
the nokia , samsung and the sony phones can all last for 3 days provided you do n't talk too much .
i can ' t believe people continue to pay those prices .
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this .
the battery is nice .
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .
i can do that myself .
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .
one major complaint :
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
awful , awful , awful .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
i was able to improve things a bit by using the units equalizer and boosting the base .
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
i followed their advice but that failed , too .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
cheaper to produce , holds a lot , heavier and has moving parts which means it 's a little more prone to damage from being banged around .
i have had mine for a month now and have to say i have enjoyed it .
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
if not i will avoid apex products in the future .
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run .
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
consider it for a future gift too !
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .
print those coupons twice for two phones ?
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .
this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby .
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at .
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
this would have been much easier .
sent mine back .
i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
to get back to the menu of the dvd you have to press " menu " on the remote while the dvd is playing .
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
after investigating a multitude of player options , i asked for and received the 60 gb zen xtra for christmas .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
makes me use it much less than i otherwise would .
card reader is included .
after using it for a few weeks ( the amount of time before the hard drive crashed ) it revealed a few of its shortcommings .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
i purchased this player last week .
excellent range of metering options as well .
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good .
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can ' t praise it highly enough .
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can ' t avoid that .
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus . for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy .
the sound quality is very good .
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol .
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards .
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though .
i like the default blue .
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs .
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order .
i had an older camera that was simply a point and shoot camera .
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .
so why lie about it ?
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
construction quality is a difficult item .
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
the warranty is 90 days .
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
it 's been so long since i 've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
i think the whole zen line has been fairly innovative and reasonably priced , but it 's not really appropriate to compare the pricing of the zen line to the ipods ( although , the ipod is still way over priced ) .
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
so if you have xp , be prepared for this and do n't be alarmed .
obviously there is no composite video output and different analog audio signals at progressive scan mode .
is this how nokia subsidizes their free pc software ?
awesome feature .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good . . .
the pros and cons of it :
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
granted it is a little more than the zen , it is well worth it .
i would 've still bought this drive even if i knew about this issue beforehand .
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .
mediasource did not recognize my tags !
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i 'm wait very happy .
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend .
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ) .
which was a good thing , because i realized i had forgotten my phone ...
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .
it would have been a much easier choice if this were 5mp camera .
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player . . .
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
they stop time .
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks . . .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can ' t do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
great feature list , poor reliability .
friends of mine who own apex tv sets are also all very pleased .
i can ' t fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways .
about 10 % of the time it can ' t find the device when i attach it to my pc .
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
they sent me a new ad2600 with the same problem .
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player .
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
no more hazzles of keying in all data , using the small phone keypad .
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints .
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !
i originally purchase a 30 gb nomad zen xtra as a portable mp3 player .
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod .
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally .
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them .
like many others , i had not abused the product , and had tried to take care of it .
perhaps the weirdest was one of bruce springsteen 's cds from the tracks set being classified as goth rock .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
i simply love this feature .
now where did i put that manual ?
this camera has a cool stitch pictures feature , to find out more just log on to canon 's website .
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
this is my fourth mp3 player ( creative nomad jukebox2 and 3 , rio chie , and this one ) , and my third player from creative .
we are overall pleased with product .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty .
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories .
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can ' t keep up with demands .
- since i wrote the review above in january 2003 , i still love this camera .
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
my story is based on personal usage .
i saw another review saying his only gripe was a lack of voice dialing .
i have done a lot of research before i decided to buy the nomad zen xtra .
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra .
a great new use for that underutilized computer .
things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off !
in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
you see , i can ' t rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
in the hands of someone who does n't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
- well-backlit keypad
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
friends of mine are always asking about it and wanting to use it .
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac .
one broke , one got stolen , and then i bought the riovolt sp - 350 .
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can ' t get through .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
therefore im saying im returning it right now , and i will see wat happens with my next zen xtra ( same replacement ) .
but this camera is great !
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the keys .
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it .
2 ) scroll button / switch
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
even if there happened to be identical track titles on the same disc , you could still edit the file name manually and get them both onto the player .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc .
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight .
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .
overall it is the best camera on the market .
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
i love it ! !
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .
it 's a very intuitive program .
but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
go for it ...
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
i am quite happy with the camera .
the best 4 megapixel / 4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
read the directions !
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low .
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer . . . read the manual ) .
buy new ones asap . every time you move your face or something they pop out .
that player is a complete piece of sh *** .
but for $ 49.99 go get one !
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters .
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu .
i can take better pictures with this then my rebel ti with a good lens .
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .
3 ) user replaceable battery
creative software stinks .
it takes great pictures .
that was annoying .
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
my girlfriend is paranoid when i am not around her and i just take a pic and send it to her on the spot so she can regain her sanity .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error .
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
features and looks this dvd player is overpriced had it come with sony or one of the other top brand names .
as it is , i 'm keeping the machine .
in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
i bought this product from amazon .
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
oh ... one more thing .
do n't buy this player .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
thank you !
1 . i had initially thought of buying a 2 or 3 megapixel camera but these are good for 4x6 " or 5x7 " prints and i wanted some really great 8x10 " photos once in a while .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
very cheaply made .
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
fiance did n't like the feel .
apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) .
it happened to me once .
after reading all the glowing review on this camera , i went to my local camera shop to try one .
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .
size and style :
forget talking on it in public -- you just can ' t hear the other person !
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera . .
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
most people say buy an ipod , but they are pretty expensive and also require you to send the product back to the factory just to replace the battery .
thank you very much , and go out and get yourself a nomad !
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read .
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd .
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
there were a few flaws that i learned to deal with and took thousands of pictures around the world , losing a few that i really regretted .
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .
i have been watching the development of digicams for years , waiting to make my first move .
well worth the money .
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
hopefully the replacement from amazon will work just fine .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .
but i did n't because i 'm used to electronic products having a 12 month warranty .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it .
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks .
that 's a huge difference ... especially in this price range .
i love the quality of the pictures .
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
it may have taken several years to fill this up .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation .
my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com .
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
" enjoy " !
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here .
i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
i will never buy another apex digital product !
i even went as far as calling the technical support number on the disc .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
for me , that was the only drawback .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
3 . it 's a hazard in the car .
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing .
like i said , when the moment is gone , it is gone .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
now what about the flash problem ?
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .
yes , i recommend it over the competition .
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
the vibrate setting is loud !
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
the menus are very easy to navigate .
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit !
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
i tried to play the song three times , with no success .
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution .
i do n't use a bracket , i just hold it above my head and aim the flash with my left hand .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you .
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
the t610 has the most functionality hands down .
very easy to use .
i was planning on getting an ipod , but i changed my mind last minute ... mostly because of the whole battery issue , i do n't have the patience for those sorta things .
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
at the same time , i wanted my wife to not be intimidated by knobs and buttons .
in all a winning combination .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz . and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
for the price and size and features , you can ' t beat the price .
after that it seems like you 're on your own .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let 's face it - they can ' t be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
i love photography .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
the pro ...
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .
for those of you using a mac in os x + there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
i compared it to the olympus c5050z , the sony dcs-f 717 and the nikon 5700 .
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .
the dvd player is fine .
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
i considered this phone ( nokia 6610 ) , mainly because of my sister and the features .
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
the zen has a detachable face plate that allows the battery to be replaced .
so i took it back to best buy where i bought it and exchanged it for a newer zen 20 gig model .
the vibration is not top .
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
my friend has an i-pod for about 2 years and the battery has so so messed up .
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
they look fantastic .
those that have it like it .
just for the heck of it , i took it into my dark kitchen with only indirect light coming in though the door , and the focusing was just fine .
it became stucked which makes it almost impossible to switch between modes .
2 ) storage capacity
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
so i do n't know what the previous review that could n't do more than 30 songs is talking about .
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
it 'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
not many .
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
a somewhat more troublesome problem is that the internet site will sometimes give different discs of the same set slightly different names .
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
songs are recognized automatically by id3 tags , which at first i was against since i had organized my files by folder with a previous player from iriver .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .
color screen is good .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself .
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
was i just unlucky at that moment ?
a card with more memory is a must .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .
the included earbuds were uncomfortable . uncomfortable -1
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work .
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
i transfered all 16 gigs in 15 minutes without any errors via firewire .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
highly recommended !
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr :
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
we use older versions 880 , 885 of this model in the office and i find them to produce excellent quality photos .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .
as mentioned above i broke the player within the 1st 10 days .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
it 's bigger , but people have grossly exaggerated the size differences - it 's only about half an inch longer and 1/3 inch thicker than the new-generation ipods .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned my judgement .
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
no difference .
works great !
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
this phone is a winner ...
this camera has a major design flaw .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags .
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .
through the software you can classify songs in genres .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
i got this player for christmas & this was my first time using an mp3 player .
and i finally settled on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
all the products have drawbacks and are not mature yet ; if you expect value and reliability then wait a while .
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
oh my goodness --
the store clerk concluded that the blurriness may be caused by shaking the camera slightly when i press the button , which is understandable since this camera is lighter than the other two models .
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .
be forewarned .
i definately recommend a large memory card .
once i got home with it i had to first install creative mediasource and figure out how it transferred files to the player .
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables .
once you hook the thing up to the computer ( via the usb cable ) , the machine instantly recognizes the fact that it 's there & installs the drivers .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
this seemed like a really good compromise .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
i guess you get what you pay for .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
for three months , i 've researched the internet and magazines , queried various sales personnel , and took hands-on in-store test drives .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user-friendly player imo .
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently can not recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .
seriously ! i love it !
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine .
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc .
the photos she took are better than the results i got from my nikon slr and range of lenses !
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
that was a mistake .
size and weight :
2 . most mp3 players have a gap between the end of one track and the start of the next ; it 's annoying in music that is intended to be continuous .
i especially like the more commonly used buttons , such as play , pause , and stop , to be larger and conveniently placed .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
not just the transfer software ( which was a hellishly horrible experience ) but also the player 's software .
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
i purchased one of these to replace an ailing dvd player that 's a few years old .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
at $ 49 .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
you can edit the genres once the songs are on the play if you decide to re-classify things later .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
how does it sound ?
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision .
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
i 'll still use my photosuite for editing .
audio is excellent .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
my room is so dark and when i tried taking pics of it with my old camera , they came out black , but with this , they look the same in the picture as in real life .
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
i figured with a great first product and with this one having more features than the 600 i would buy one .
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .
else with simpler viking cf cards , it takes couple of seconds to write a picture with approximately " fine ** " picture quality " image size : 1600 .
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .
you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work .
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
also , the lens cap design is flawed .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
now , i thought it 's time to upgrade .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street . . .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
i purchased this as a christmas gift on 12-4 - 03 .
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
nokia has definitely won me over with this one .
then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts them on your computer .
when i turned eax back on the static was also not present .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .
no instructions .
and amazon.com has it for such a great price -- how can you go wrong ?
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ) .
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
the phones are awesome .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when my warrenty expires .
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
a 35 mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
( batteries last longer too ! )
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
if t-mobile does not offer such a phone most likely i will get the t610 .
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
i currently have ~ 1100 songs encoded mostly at 196 kpbs and i have n't even used 10gb of storage yet .
the camera was a marvel .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .
after i reviewed the manual ( a pdf file included on the cd ) , i felt better because they warned you about the message and said it would n't cause problems and , in fact , it has n't .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
it puts an end to organizational deficiencies as well as communications and internet , without a bulky phone like the treo or something , which i had to cell because i was so unhappy with it .
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results .
i love my new nomad , its great !
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
the less computer-saavy might find apple 's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend 's house and it does do a lot more for you . )
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
if it does , ill give up .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
and so far , i 've been very pleased .
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
it would have been much easier to use a windows explorer style navigation system .
every t-mobile plan comes with gsm data , meaning that instead of speeds of 56 kbps is around 9 kbps ( with those small size wap websites do you really think it makes a difference ) .
look / design :
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room .
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable .
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
first there 's the unit itself .
the downside though , may be a big one for you .
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .
i 'm sending mine back and am waiting for the problem to be corrected .
thats it .
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
the phone is very light weight .
creative labs customer support website is useless .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
a disipointed customer .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
the storage capacity is great .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
i changed video cables , tried connecting to tv on input1 and input2 but no help .
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
( my orignal review is below : )
also , there is the need to send the ipod to replace the batteries when they die ( which they will ) .
you have to add all the songs to a play list .
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
what 's going on creative labs ?
i think there is a good chance i will try to get a samsung flip camera phone next year .
again , the ipod is a beautiful thing to look at and touch , player controls are less functional .
bummer as it has great sound quality .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
way less expensive than the ipod .
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
almost half what an ipod would cost you !
software - the software is crap .
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
this is my second digital camera , though i also use one at work and have some experience with several nikon and canon models .
+ they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
i bought this thing because it plays everything .
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese . .
i just bought notmad manager ( $ 25 ) and file transfers are easy drag and drop , songs stored by id3 tags not by folders , needs to have software on computer to transfer files , no window on case ( nice case otherwise .
assuming you have filled in all the id3 tags on your mp3s , you will not have any problem finding them on your zen xtra .
i 've picked up a few accessories that i found to be useful .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
also , when i installed the software , it said that windows xp had n't approved something with the drivers , etc - and that continuing it install may cause instability .
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .
now i can always be in contact .
the 6610 is still easier to use than the other two phones ( t610 , t720i ) .
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .
i thought it would be haggard but when i be gotted this junky i was mad happy and stuff .
it was not my first choice .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
the prints are beautiful !
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings .
being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
reviews of apple 's support are generally poor ; they seem to address issues in warranty , which covers a short time after delivery / pickup of item .
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
hopefully , this player will out sell the ridculously over-hyped i-pod .
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
i have not used the progressive scan feature .
the downside is that you might accidentally take pictures with the lens cap on , the camera wo n't fit in the small cases , and 28 mm filters are expensive and hard to find .
btw , if you * are * ripping your cds , mediasource accesses the cddb music catalog over the internet and the few cds i experimented with all provided good quality [ correct & uncluttered ] tag information .
i figure that is at least three years off , and i am getting impatient .
i own a 35 mm slr camera and this is my second digital .
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
an ipod with the same amount of memory is $ 150 cheaper .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
honestly , the best players without any flaws were the goddam cd players .
again , you can change this , but it 's harder to spot a minor variation in the title when you do n't have the title of the other disk in front of you .
i purchased a jukebox 3 from creative almost a year ago .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
the battery recharges real fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
there are not a lot of good options out there .
so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's .
i bought this dvd player in november .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
the sound from the player is ok .
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ) .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
the nomad is sent back to creative labs .
had no problem with it .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading my cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest .
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .
good points :
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
a big plus in my book .
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
there is usb , though .
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
very large pics take 8mb each !
i ordered two of these puppies for christmas gifts .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
the only drawbacks that i have noticed :
the nomad can hold any type of file , not just mp3 , so you can use it as a portable hard disk .
scroll bar :
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs .
can ' t complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
i got my camera three days back , and although i had some experience with digital cameras prior to purchasing this one , i still rate myself as a beginner .
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .
perhaps there is a way around this delay .
you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
i am an amateur photographer and here is a piece of advise to all the folks who are thinking about making a move the digital world .
pictures produced by the panasonic were excellent .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program .
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .
noiseless , light weight and oh yeah .
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
everything else about the camera is great .
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
personally , i do n't understand all the complaints about the interface . . .
pros summary :
save them on computer and print out just the ones who want .
now my dissapointments .
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .
you have to tilt the phone around to catch the light on them .
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
take my words and give it a try .
i will just say this :
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
do not buy this player .
i reviewed several digital cameras before settling on this one .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20 usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
battery life is ok .
have had problems since the first day
the pictures are amazing .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .
picture scrolling in b/w :
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio !
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
when shopping for digital cameras i looked at the nikon cp5700 , olympus c5050 , nikon cp5000 , and the canon g3 .
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
5 for " digital film " it uses compact flash cards , which are easy to find , cheap , reliable and supported by many other devices you may have at hoome .
the top of the player is a thin metal piece that covers up the battery and is removable .
takes excellent photos .
first and foremost , it will take better pic 's than most film camera 's .
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
use the rechargeable because that saves you money and helps the environment in a long run .
i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well . . .
small problem .
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
the downside -
it also has unproven battery life .
i showed her how to turn it on , where the lens zoom lever is , and she loves it !
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .
the features are really cool like the radio .
but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet .
unfortunately it can ' t play all of the dvd .
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
the plus points are -
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
another stupid move .
i was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
either way , can ' t go wrong with this price .
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
the lcd screen was very large and readable .
if you 're someone who wants to put 10,000 songs on this thing you may want to encode at the lower end ( typically 128 is considered close to cd quality ) .
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .
you can adjust the volume to be heard anywhere or so that it does n't make that big of a disturbance .
i did n't even try the included software .
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes .
i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement .
( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
your child is going to do a cannonball off the diving board , so you compose the shot and wait for your moment .
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer !
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
guess where this unit is headed ?
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
1 month , no problems , great phone i 'm very pleased with my 6610 phone .
it 's worth it .
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
after much research i decided on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
after spending hours being transferred from one tech help person to another , i got fed up and have decided to return the phone .
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
however , the music and data are apparently not separated ; ipod reviewers complain about " white noise " in random feedback mode that comes from appointments / contacts created on the ipod during synchronization .
it is transferes a song in about 2 seconds .
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open it .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
it comes with a good case that fits it snuggly .
i 'm not looking forward to ripping my entire collection every month or two .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
i highly recommend it .
only used for 3 month before it 's down !
most people probably wanted the ipod before realizing that a vast array of full-featured viable alternatives exist .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
buy this camera and savour it .
i purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around .
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! )
i will never buy a creative product again .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
we got a familyplan from t-mobile which saves us tons .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
the storage capacity is great for me --
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
so how can i do that ... are n't that free for two after the rebates .
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
now , i suddenly have no picture .
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
10 great price for all the features .
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
prior to my switch to t-mobile , sprint was my service provider .
i have tried the belkin tunecast mobile fm transmitter but found there was too much interference .
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon .
having to copy / delete files would be time-consuming and is rendered a non-issue with 40gb of storage .
the movie mode is also working great .
and how can i do that ... .
it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much .
the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones .
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .
i can not say enough good things about the people who answer the phones .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
1 ) price / gb of storage
it 's because the 256 player uses flash memory ( smaller / lighter ) and the 30gb uses a hard drive .
if your view in life is that you are going to pay $ x00 to get a device then it must be near ideal - ruggedly constructed , fault proof , good product support , easy to use software - then do yourself a favor and do n't buy yet .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
it is crystal clear .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ) .
this product is too fragile for normal use .
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
i 'll state up front that i do not own a zen xtra and have not used one at all .
think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ?
only con i can think of is no camera ... .
zennx hopefully will gain market share and prompt arrogant apple to lower prices and enable consumers to replace the battery .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
for those out there that are not familiar with mp3 encoding , you can encode your cd 's at varying quality levels .
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .
however , indoor pictures of subjects more than a few feet away can be blurry or grainy .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this .
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
this dvd play is basicly junk .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35 mm prints .
what the heck is up with the 2600 .
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .
i have a large collection of cds and have loaded over 100 of them so far .
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
at my heaviest usage , i must recharge after 3 days .
i spent much time debating on whether i should go with the zen xtra or the ipod .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
the cd just has too many problems with win xp .
the first one would n't work from the start .
what kind of a company does that !
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc .
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
the screen 's large and easily read .
great battery life , perfect size , but a tid bit quieter than i would like .
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .
no matter the format .
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
but who wants the wires involved .
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
bottom line , well made camera , easy to use , very flexible and powerful features to include the ability to use external flash and lense / filters choices .
cleaned the dvd , tried again , no luck .
i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
otherwise , this player is awesome !
the second one is up and running .
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
of all these phones the motorolla and the sony ericsson phones are the smallest .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
it did have scored over all other competitors ....
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course
so now i keep it in my pocket .
the controls definately took some getting used to .
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) .
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine .
what a junk .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .
now i know better .
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ) .
new cds almost always began skipping after a few plays .
forget about it .
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right .
signal strength will affect the battery life .
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models .
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .
3 ) folders can not be created for the audio files .
this almost made it worth the price alone .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
and as i said in my review of the s330 , all of these digital cameras are easier to use with apple computers .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
forget about the sleek looks if it can ' t play some of your real dvds .
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk .
i can ' t imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wa n't up to the task .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them .
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .
( i had no problems since i did this but there seem to be a couple of very bitter reviews further down - maybe they did not do this or maybe there are some very sad ipod owners since they all recomend it instead ) .
hope this review has helped you in making up your mind .
sure , it 's a little bigger than the ipod , but not by much .
a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
do n't get fooled by the 5 megapixel marketing hype .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
there was very little light in there .
fair warning - do not buy .
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music .
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
it also has an optical out , which it should .
4 . the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
if you shoot in lots of light and desire high quality , this will be your camera .
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor ; not major ones though ,
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
* price and capacity
thanks for nothing , amazon !
the zen has no stop button .
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .
so what 's the point ?
4 ) it did play my jpeg photos but wow , trying to figure it out was really something !
so go and buy dis sucka beefo it all be gone an stuffff .
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
video output stopped workin .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
i did a little research on the web and this is the player i decided on .
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
- large easy readable screen
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .
the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data .
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase .
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ;
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can ' t use nomad until you get home .
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
the second one was the 2500 which i think is better than the 2600 because it has more features such as karoake which i do use sometimes for parties .
it has a nice color screen .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
it has 2 games .
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery .
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back .
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i 'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn myself collections of about 120 tracks per disk .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
good thing i got a replacement plan .
so , if you read the instructions well , you should n't have any problems with this dvd unit .
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there .
i am still trying to resolve it four months later .
go get it .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
downloads are a snap and quick .
its great .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
can ' t say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
after using the bulky 3650 for three weeks , i searched for a smaller alternative .
you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? "
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .
almost there .
i bought coolpix 4300 two months after i had bought canon powershot s400 .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
on an average , you would charge it once a week .
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered .
otherwise it 'll get there the day you get back from the hospital !
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
it defaulted to unchangeable email .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
yes it is 56k speed , but the functionality is what you are paying for .
creative also sells batteries via its website , so there 's no shipping off my player and waiting for it to be sent back to me with the new battery .
the software failed repeatedly .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
the olympus is a bit clumsy-looking and the user-interface not as friendly as the canon , but one of the features that sold me on the g3 was the battery life - no other camera out there gives you the type of battery life as the canon g3 .
anyone looking for more than " point and shoot " can make a huge step up for a moderate price difference .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
great job canon !
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you can not imagine !
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
if you 're investing in a camera at this level , buy this software !
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
the sound quality of my cd player is superior in this setting to the nomad .
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
so . . .
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily .
perhaps there is a tone of irony in the title of my review , but i actually mean it in earnest .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds !
if you are out for an mp3 player with a lot of memory and do not want to spend a ton of money , i think this is a great purchase and strongly recommend it .
and since i 'm out here i can ' t mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00 . but i did transfer files before the upgrade without problem too .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
i am bored with the silver look .
i have not yet figured out how to make it snap quick pictures for action shots .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed .
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged .
cameras capture moments .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
this is extemely lame .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
i was , however .
1 . creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two .
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .
updating the unit 's firmware :
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .
so far i 've only had it since christmas , so i cant tell you much about the battery life .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos .
next time i set it at 100 and used the flash .
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work !
it is a beast .
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable .
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
it practically plays almost everything you give it .
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy it much more .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .
buy it for fun , for lack of processing , because you want to use iphoto , or whatever .
able to use service in another country :
apple 's ipod is dominant now , but i have to wonder whether the price differential will mean that in 3 or 4 years its market share will drop significantly .
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
this is possible ! !
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched .
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
no-one mentions whether there is a stop button , but the photos do n't show one .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
although you may think you 're dealing with amazon , you 're dealing with some second rate store that you 've never heard of .
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands .
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
hopefully you wo n't regret .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .
the apex 2600 has been a steady performer for me .
i bought the 2600 because it plays everything !
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
what else can you say about a camera that works for both of you ?
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
the battery life seems good , takes very little time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ...
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
i received this dvd player free with the purchase of a palm tungsten e from officemax .
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
a great buy .
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
below is how i evaulate this phone with other t-mobile phones which i have borrowed from parents / friends :
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund .
first of all , let 's start with my needs : 1 $ 500 budget 2 4mp resolution , 3 optical clarity and color , 4 fast - very little shutter lag and quick sep-up for next picture , 5 compact size , and 6 good camera grip to minimize camera shake .
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
simple to use and hook up .
i think the reson for the creative being larger is for sound dampening and protection , whihc is a plus , but then again it is only speculation .
overall design :
i like the automatic key lock function .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash .
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
it does n't do you any good if a camera has all the features but you can ' t access them quickly when you need them !
for a price that 's still less than even the lowest level ipod i was able to get this 40gb monster , and the best part is it works as great as it was advertised to and then some .
silverish color really adds a special touch .
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again .
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
i can ' t write enough positive things about this great little camera !
overall i think that you need to consider what you wa n't to do .
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
well thats about it , and as people said in earlier previews that the headfone jack gets messed up , stil havent happened to me , and i hope it doesnt .
this thing does its job .
i 've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i 'm okay with my services .
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
after several years of torture in the hands of at & t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at & t to t-mobile !
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software
what a mistake !
buttons do seem a little sticky tho . . and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem . .
nokia will not cover phones bought from amazon .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
my only significant complaint is sound quality .
the door would not close .
sheesh ! !
better actually cause my carpet looks clean , lol .
this is one of those items that , at first glance , looked cool but did n't really ring a bell with me .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings .
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck
i ordered 2 .
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
however , its 3x optical setting is acceptable for 70 % of the shots that i take .
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade !
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
veteran zen users have explained how to stop if that 's what you want .
i am new to the whole digital camera thing ; well , new to the whole camera thing period , really .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
so i was all excited about the ipod but then the day before i went to best buy to check out the other mp3 players and i came across this one .
its really cool .
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on
also , i can ' t understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
if you have any doubts about this player , well do n't .
poor visibility on the keys .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing .
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .
it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
then sorting the files is easy as pie .
from what i 've heard it 's at least equal .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
negative points :
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
- light , compact design
that way i could keep it in the case all the time .
tmobiles might not have the best reception in some areas but with amazing phones such as nokia 6610 and cheap plans that you get way more minutes than any other plans .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting .
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and wo n't believe i returned it .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ) .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon . never knew i could love a digital camera so much .
win software can be a little cranky , but much more easier to customize to your needs .
i would expecct the card to hold over 200 pictures for size of 1.2 mb/per .
it has many great features and very few bad ones .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
what more could you ask for .
the nomad is only sligtly larger than an ipod .
you get what you pay for .
but who cares ?
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
personally i like the samsung phones better because i found myself liking the flip phones so much more .
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .
before i decided to get this player , i did my research .
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .
can ' t beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
i love the storage in this thing .
that beside you are prob . very well aware of many of the features that this phone is known for , and one that has not yet been mentioned : using this phone as a modem for any computer with a usb 1.0 port !
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19 mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .
when i turned eax off the static disappeared .
yes , all cameras except g3 were 5mp but i was looking for a lot more than just megapixel power .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
i assume this is the case for most cameras since it does not have enough power to do autofocus .
- you just have to buy a new player .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .
i bought my nikon coolpix4300 about a week ago .
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
hi , many people are saying , " you get what you pay for , i guess . "
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal .
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
you will be sorry if you do .
hehe , my bad .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
i love the pros and cons reviews so here ya go :
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . )
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ) .
i 've had no problems with the software .
i spent $ 269 for my 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
ipod can be used as an external disk , and apparently stores files without problem .
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail .
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
i bought a digi-slave dsf-1s flash unit .
like many reviewers , i really wanted to like this product .
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .
it focuses in a snap .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
thumbs down on that one .
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
aight den bumpy ?
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc .
i received this as a gift .
i am back to using # 1 .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
my pda becames a digital album .
i bought this phone when it first came out in the summer .
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .
compusa , memorex , fuji .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
do not buy this product --
i discovered this weekend that itunes does not sell mp3 's in the mp3 format .
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is a snap .
the i/p button switches the tv display between interlace and progressive .
it is not perfect though .
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
anyway , on with the review .
so now it still plays everything , you just can ' t see it !
strike 1 .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
i am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
you know why ?
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems .
needless to say , the canon won , hands down .
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take .
i recently bought the nomad jukebox zen xtra , and did n't even get as far as charging the battery .
the bottom line :
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization .
9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
- some features in the user interface
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !
the canon g3 .
no more wasted time and money developing rolls of pic 's for just a couple of keepers .
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house .
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
made the camera totally inoperable .
any possible problems should be weighed against the bang-for-the-buck factor , along with the fact that companies like apex seldom have good after-sale support .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
the nikon 's are great cameras .
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
the bottom line , i 'll still watch the progress of iriver hdd players and if they produce 40 gb player i 'll will sell my nomad and buy iriver .
i dare you to surf the net and find the code .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .
i did buy separate headphones as other have recommended .
that was n't pretty .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
worked for two weeks .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
this is a wonderful camera .
if you buy a creative mp3 player , be sure to get the optional extended warranty .
if only it played stand alone avi files .
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer .
save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we can not help , " or something to that effect .
it 's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ) .
ok , im writing yet another review , about a week from my previous one .
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records .
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake .
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
all i am looking for is a rebate form !
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .
this is the best phone i have seen .
excellent picture quality - on par with my pioneer , panasonic , and jvc players .
* slick-looking design and improved interface
finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 .
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
apex sucks !
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
i have one thing to say to the numbskulls who complain that this camera 's controls are confusing and hard to remember :
feels solid in hand .
* main dial is not backlit .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .
apex does n't answer the phone .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
after all those players have 40-60 gb of hard drive , so better organization is required .
really happy with this little camera .
the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
very happy !
one bad thing though , i find the remote control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
for the money apex machines have good features .
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case .
i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control .
the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
guess all that glitters is not gold .
do n't drop this unit :
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .
and no t-zones .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 .
door broke after a month .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
i 've have n't heard about a diagnos or fix for this .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
i have read a lot of the reviews and my phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
if you do n't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they can not be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title .
i 'd look elsewhere .
i quickly discovered that the nomad was n't going to work for me .
the samsung phones has a customize function so that you can assign certain functions to directional buttons ( like assign alarm clock to the left directional key ) .
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry .
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable !
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .
my sister has this series of phone and she loves the radio and headset .
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 .
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly
this explains why you see what appears to be such weird pricing on mp3 players .
i 'd recommend against this unit .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
this junky is super duper rad . it be my fav c-phone and stuff .
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .
a 10 gb ipod is just as much and i have heard from multiple sources that the ipod is very loud and you can heard the hard drive everytime it spins , accesses files or does antyhing .
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
while the listing process is accurate for track names ( unlike windows ' reliance on the amg , which frequently gets track listings out of order ) , the results can be odd .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with my service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
no issues as of yet
i think for about $ 40 more , you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
nice little phone ... light compact . .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35 mm .
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one .
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks .
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
sound : exceptional , though i can ' t really compare it to the ipod .
the massive phonebook can hold 300 entries , with multiple phone number per entry , so you can program your boss 's home , work and cellphone numbers all under one contact .
i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this .
i agree with the positive reviews .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty !
i did n't had any problem till now .
despite all the hype about ipods , i knew i wanted something different , because i wanted more storage than the ipod i could afford would offer , and because i wanted more flexibility in where i purchased music online .
30gb is more than enough for most people .
you should too .
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase .
yup , right back for a refund !
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
it took maybe 15 minutes to transfer 1000 songs .
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
the interface used could be better designed .
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did .
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
also , i downloaded the latest firmware upgrade and software updates .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .
it has never worked .
you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
otherwise , you 'll have to mess around a lot with filenames inside the ( decent ) nomad explorer , which is not fun at all .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
when plugged in , it does n't lag the computer like the archos did ... unless you are doing a massive transfer of data in one load .
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .
it 's a winner .
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive .
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down . now buy it !
just imagine if you place a bit of knowledge when you take your photos .
i became interested in getting a mp3 player when i got a new work computer ; while my office bars the addition of any non-work software , it does n't care if you load cds onto the hard drive .
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
try to buy a high capacity ultra card , as it 's 2x as faster as the regular cf card .
i can ' t comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd .
is it a coincidence that i no longer can get any of your nomad zen xtras ( worst name ever ) at best buy and now the 60gb nomad xtra is " sold out " or more likely " discontinued " at the almighty amazon.com ?
i will say this .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
i got 45 outdoor and 15 indoor shots with the monitor on turning the camera off and on over a 4 hour period before the battery died .
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years .
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
* removable battery
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
because once the moment is gone , it is not coming back .
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can ' t be stopped .
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can ' t .
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .
the price / performance looked just right .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
got a great deal from a reputable seller .
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty .
i first bought a 6 gig nomad jukebox ( original ) .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
picture this :
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
typically people use 96kbs to 320 kps .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
i bought this player during a christmas sale at an excellent price .
only one disk played through to completion successfully .
not an urgent issue , as it still works . . .
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
if you purchase this product , definitely rip your songs through windows media player .
worth every penny !
i do n't have a dvd + r to try
if you can afford this camera , you can afford to get a better strap elsewhere - a very minor quibble .
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
my opinions :
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
24 hours ?
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
i just used the explorer program to move my songs to my player .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can ' t get through to their number , it 's always busy .
but if you 've used a slr 35 mm camera , the controls are very intuitive !
take the time to fill in those tags !
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies .
you will have a very expensive paperweight .
so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch .
maybe i 'll get lucky with the next one .
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
you do n't need the extra resolution or the cost .
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .
value : comparing data storage with price .
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop
well , not with this one .
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for .
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
the title says it all ...
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .
for the price and features it is really good .
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
7 picture quality is excellent .
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1 . for some sizing information ) .
i 've been able to change modes on this thing without even looking at the manual .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
i cancelled the order .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
back to the 2600 :
software : for the people who complain about software , please , stop complaining .
none of these are perfect .
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
the higher the number the better the quality ( less data compression is used ) and the larger the file size .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
i waited a few years between phones , mostly because ( like most i think ) i didnt really need one .
creative provided e-mail support ;
many before me have done that already .
another plus in my book , no file limits !
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
it 's no problem for me personally .
i chose to keep the ipod and am very happy with the purchase .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
size - bigger than the ipod
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
within 5 minutes i was able to transfer files .
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can ' t create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .
no complaints there .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
no way to contact their customer service .
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap !
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
i wish canon would work out some way for that issue .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with .
this is an edited review , now that i have had time to use the device .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations . . .
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
in manual , you can set it to " single af " where it will focus by depressing the shudder button prior to taking the pic ; this is not really a hinderance , you just have to be familiar with its menus and features .
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
i have been assured this will be fixed soon .
for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer .
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision .
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
if the music had been on my home computer , the transfer would have been accomplished very quickly .
player controls :
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
i expect the g3 will please me for years to come .
you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs .
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours .
i purchased the nikon 4300 after several weeks of searching .
i would recommend replacing the existing software with the " notmad explorer , " which is simpler to use and can be found on the internet .
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes .
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ?
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
and then it breaks .
