everyone who says i can ' t buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
now it would have gotten 5 stars had this baby come with features to upgrade the firmware and was able to play divx or avi videos .
the service from the supplier was exceptional .
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
that 's been my experience .
so what 's the point ?
more downside to this phone ?
i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one :
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music .
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty .
extremely convenient .
but , dollar for dollar , this dvd player is probably the best out there .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ) .
i cant use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
use the rechargeable because that saves you money and helps the environment in a long run .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy .
it really is an awesome camera that is hard to beat for general-to moderate snapping .
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though .
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service .
for those of us that like to tinker , i think creative offers some advantages .
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
this is the 4 apex player that i have bought .
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .
that meant even less light and just as much action .
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs .
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate . . .
no complaints there .
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
it was not easy sharing one with my teen age kid .
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .
things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off !
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
now i need to buy myself another one !
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back .
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price .
the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question .
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
nokia will not cover phones bought from amazon .
still , apple continues to squeeze dollars from consumers by not designing the battery to be replaceable .
unfortunately , the neutral density filters for the metz flash are no longer available , so the first problem cant easily be solved .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
i am quite happy with the camera .
by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet .
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect .
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis .
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .
+ takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; it does not charge by usb cable ; this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
i am an amateur photographer and here is a piece of advise to all the folks who are thinking about making a move the digital world .
when plugged in , it does n't lag the computer like the archos did ... unless you are doing a massive transfer of data in one load .
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
once i read the manual i was able to point and shoot without having to fumble around trying to figure out where the controls are located .
they piggy-back on cingular 's service .
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .
the only drawbacks that i have noticed :
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
i bought the nomad when i went home on leave and it worked great for about a month .
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
both are very easy to learn & use , and intuitive enough for even a novice .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months .
if you 're investing in a camera at this level , buy this software !
consider it for a future gift too !
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
these are minor problems , and i list them to save anyone else the trouble of discovering them .
only if we could get one camera in it . .
i refuse to buy anything made by apple and the nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway .
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
it is a beast .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
at $ 49 .
i only have one question , when i add tracks to my nomad , via nomad explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the keys .
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
i definately recommend a large memory card .
if there are any drawbacks to this phone here they are .
it did not lock up my computer or require a reboot .
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level !
audio is excellent .
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
but you do n't have to be .
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
hope someone else has better luck !
the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision .
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod .
repost from january 13 , 2004 with a better fit title .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
you do n't need the extra resolution or the cost .
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
upon inspection i did find a small scratch on the surface and figured that to be the cause .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
if you have to buy a camera on a buget , this has got to be the one .
i bought this phone when it first came out in the summer .
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ) .
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .
sold in other parts of the world :
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .
how easy is it for me to get to a certain menu ?
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ) .
i read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums .
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it .
but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra .
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
try to buy a high capacity ultra card , as it 's 2x as faster as the regular cf card .
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter .
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
now where did i put that manual ?
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
i can not stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
poor visibility on the keys .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
go for it ...
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
all rechargeable batteries lose their holding power over time ( around 2 years ) .
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
this is by no means unique to this model , i 'm sure .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .
i would expecct the card to hold over 200 pictures for size of 1.2 mb/per .
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo .
no picture :
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu .
i have one thing to say to the numbskulls who complain that this camera 's controls are confusing and hard to remember :
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
typically people use 96kbs to 320 kps .
of all these phones the motorolla and the sony ericsson phones are the smallest .
ipod can be used as an external disk , and apparently stores files without problem .
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .
as i travel quite a lot , i 'd want something with gsm as well as cdma tri-band .
assuming you have filled in all the id3 tags on your mp3s , you will not have any problem finding them on your zen xtra .
you need the software to actually transfer files
some of the great gains over g2 --
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
well that is not true .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ) .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
the dive , the kick , the blow-out-the-candles moments are , to me , the reason for cameras .
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open it .
color screen is good .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots .
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again .
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ) .
i purchased this mp3 player just last night after doing some scouting around .
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
if this is your fist dvd player .
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .
at my heaviest usage , i must recharge after 3 days .
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .
. lens cap is a really annoying
the door would not close .
it also has an optical out , which it should .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
i suppose that you could jog with it but it seems to be made for the enjoyment of music .
unlike the ipod , this is fully windows compatible and can be used right out of the box .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
so what 's the problem ?
after investigating a multitude of player options , i asked for and received the 60 gb zen xtra for christmas .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two .
the flash card memory is more expensive but is very light and compact .
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
i currently have ~ 1100 songs encoded mostly at 196 kpbs and i have n't even used 10gb of storage yet .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
i 'd recommend against this unit .
so far i 've only had it since christmas , so i cant tell you much about the battery life .
if that is for you then pay the money , learn from the experience and you 'll be a more informed buyer when you buy device # 2 .
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
i make photographs at work , and so wanted a camera good enough to compare with what i use professionally .
i am not associated with the company , i am not providing a url , but search for notmad and you should find it pretty easily .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image !
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! !
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all it saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese . .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i 'm wait very happy .
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
i repeat - do n't wast your money .
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
i originally purchase a 30 gb nomad zen xtra as a portable mp3 player .
i guess you get what you pay for .
the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another .
this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ) .
for the price and size and features , you can ' t beat the price .
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
yes , i push the button down halfway first to avoid the autofocus delay .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this .
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures .
i 've yet to be dissappointed .
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones .
i have a dvd burner .
set up was easy and we enjoyed it for just over a week .
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know .
one horrible flaw , or mayybe more than one .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
i would recommend replacing the existing software with the " notmad explorer , " which is simpler to use and can be found on the internet .
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .
this is not a handbag camera .
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
forget the fact that it 'll probably take me a year to figure out all the features this camera has to offer .
the dvd player is fine .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters .
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
overall i 'm happy with my toy .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
now what about the flash problem ?
in fact , my boyfriend is now going to invest into one of these suckers as well ... now he realizes that this is the best choice over his current archos and the ipod he was eyeing .
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
wish it were a flip phone , but thats not a deal breaker !
after much research i decided on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
this product is too fragile for normal use .
you can even skip that step and rip them directly from the cd to the player .
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .
cons summary :
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5 .1 sound good ) .
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games .
now let 's talk about the software .
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
the less computer-saavy might find apple 's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend 's house and it does do a lot more for you . )
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
for me , that was the only drawback .
it lasts about 5 days otherwise and has lasted up to 10 when i was making very few calls .
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down . now buy it !
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .
the software lets you pop in a cd and then scans the internet to name the artist , track name and album name .
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player .
i bought this to replace an expensive ( $ 300 + ) onkyo dvd player that quit after only 3 years !
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
none of these are perfect .
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk .
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech . support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
in short , i have a new slr with an expensive lens and several film point and shoots .
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
will never purchase apex again .
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player .
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
signal strength will affect the battery life .
my friend has an i-pod for about 2 years and the battery has so so messed up .
the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isnt , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
the case had ad2600 .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .
i thought this was the ultimate phone when it comes to basic features , but i was dissapointed when i saw that it was only a gsm compatible phone .
it suppose to play everything .
i was worried about this after seeing a friend change batteries on his olympus after about 20-30 pictures .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards .
i replaced it with this not-quite-so-dazzling , but definitely more functional device .
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can ' t do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .
before i decided to get this player , i did my research .
the nikon coolpix 4300 deserves six .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
i can ' t rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
which was a good thing , because i realized i had forgotten my phone ...
read the directions !
and so i must ask , what are cameras for ?
do not recommend .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
no more wasted time and money developing rolls of pic 's for just a couple of keepers .
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now .
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .
i think the sound quality of this phone is slightly better than my samsung phone , the motorolla t720 series , and the sony ericsson t610 series .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
there was neither picture nor sound .
the vibrate setting is loud !
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
you know why ?
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .
well , not with this one .
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
and i read today that you can also have online fill out the id3 , so its not a problem .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) !
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans .
updating the unit 's firmware :
everyone complains about the non-replaceable battery , yet this is the price of sturdy construction .
9 . in dim lit environs the g2 could easily outperform any other camera , and thankfully g3 maintains this rep .
minor gripe .
i tried called apex cust service , no help .
look / design :
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
the ipod is a neat piece of machinery but after screwing around with both of them i think the zen products are the way to go .
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .
worked for two weeks .
the samsung phones has a customize function so that you can assign certain functions to directional buttons ( like assign alarm clock to the left directional key ) .
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc .
a dock is unnecessary as the charger and usb cable do the necessary .
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .
well i decided to get this one .
i should n't have been cheap , should have bought a toshiba .
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !
this did not give me enough control .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . "
bottom line ... great product , unbeatable price .
the light auto-correction is awesome .
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .
this was the closest alternative and best buy for this type .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
unfortunately it can ' t play all of the dvd .
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .
sure enough there is no such ability .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
hopefully you wo n't regret .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
i simply love this feature .
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
+ / - sound quality was good but it was going to take some tweakings with settings to try to make it great .
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
i treat the battery well and it has lasted .
battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have .
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
it 's because the 256 player uses flash memory ( smaller / lighter ) and the 30gb uses a hard drive .
its really cool .
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! !
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .
- well-backlit keypad
i quickly got to use to the interface and can find any song / playlist etc fast enough .
it did lock up on me a couple of times .
its great .
third party software to the rescue
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
duplicates are a no brainer and cheap .
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .
also , very light and portable .
got way too many blurry pictures .
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
amazon.com promptly refunded my money for the first one , because a replacement was not available ( thanks amazon.com !
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room .
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
because once the moment is gone , it is not coming back .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
got a " system error " problem 30 days after purchase .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go . . .
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
so far , however , i 'm a very happy customer .
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and wo n't believe i returned it .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
i have been watching the development of digicams for years , waiting to make my first move .
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
- very long-lasting battery life
one major complaint :
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
also , they 'd forgotten to add " wap " capability to my service ( duh ) , so that took another 4-5 days of figuring out .
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is a snap .
the downside -
the image quality is excellent .
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can ' t get through .
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1 . for some sizing information ) .
of course you do !
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .
4 . the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .
mediasource did not recognize my tags !
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i am very pleased so far .
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can ' t get to the songs i want as quickly .
2 . battery life is over 4.5 hours , compared to about 2.5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikons .
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .
for three months , i 've researched the internet and magazines , queried various sales personnel , and took hands-on in-store test drives .
video output stopped workin .
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
i will say this .
my favorite is to play " any track " - am rediscovering my music !
it is not as good as the samsung phones that i have used earlier .
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading my cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
but i 've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary . . .
the casing scratches a little easy , but the glove cases work great to protect against this .
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .
one of the calls was on a saturday and when i pressed the guy a bit , he said , " actually we do n't ship on saturdays " .
i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned my judgement .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
i am a business user who heavily depend on mobile service .
get one now !
still i am a little suprised that canon did not correct this design flaw before releasing the camera .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
( my orignal review is below : )
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card .
personally i found the integrated digital camera of the t610 to be very nice .
i finally decided to upgrade , and started my research .
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .
installed software .
i transfered all 16 gigs in 15 minutes without any errors via firewire .
the battery life is very good , i got about 90 minutes with the lcd turned on all the time , the first time around , and i have been using it with the lcd off every now and then , and have yet needed to recharge it .
if you 're seeking that elusive state of photographic euphoria that is free of buyer 's remorse and filled with cool , then travel to the world of the coolpix 4300 !
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! )
yes it is 56k speed , but the functionality is what you are paying for .
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .
me , i am going with a leica minilux ( the g3 was replacing mine which was stolen ) .
while the ipod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the zen is better .
do n't get fooled by the 5 megapixel marketing hype .
although you may think you 're dealing with amazon , you 're dealing with some second rate store that you 've never heard of .
i wish canon would work out some way for that issue .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
bait and switch .
i wish the camera had a higher optical zoom so that i could take better wildlife photos .
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 .
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently can not recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
i would recommend buying one .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
my favorite thing about the nomad is the eax feature .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched !
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
- great value 40gb vs 10 gb ipod for the price
ipod has no stop button ; when new users mention this ipod veterans call it " unnecessary " and " so 20th century " .
i 've had no problems at all so far and i 'm very happy .
but canon never fails to amaze .
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx .
come on , at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones .
with 40gb of storage i have about 7,500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2,500 more .
i do n't care how it looks and i always drive so the size is not important to me .
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do .
i even went as far as calling the technical support number on the disc .
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
carry your entire collection !
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .
it lasted about 1-1/2 weeks .
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
i am going to have so much fun with this camera and when i learn more i will post a more accurate review .
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
i bought this dvd player mainly because my old sharp dvd player could not play most of the dvds from the store that i rent from and i had to watch them using my pc 's dvd-rom player .
all of the zens use a standard notebook drive .
after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
i can ' t imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer !
then sorting the files is easy as pie .
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
i got an rma from creative , sent my player in to them for repairs .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
even if there happened to be identical track titles on the same disc , you could still edit the file name manually and get them both onto the player .
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
great battery life , perfect size , but a tid bit quieter than i would like .
i own a 35 mm slr camera and this is my second digital .
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
when talking the voice is not very clear .
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19 mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards . . . they were ) . . .
i will never use all the " whistles and bells " this machine is capable of .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
hopefully you still have the remote control .
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
there are not a lot of good options out there .
it wo n't play all of my movies .
having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " !
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
now my little 6610 is the most coveted item at school !
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
+ they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
i have tried the belkin tunecast mobile fm transmitter but found there was too much interference .
i 've registered this unit at www.apexdigialinc.com and listed the problem .
i am still trying to resolve it four months later .
as mentioned above i broke the player within the 1st 10 days .
they stop time .
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
now that i own it , however , i can ' t imagine being without it !
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like it !
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page .
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
whichever camera you buy , add upto about 200 dollars for an additional memory card i bought a 256 mb card , usb card reader , camera bag and the warranty .
the bottom line : if you 're serious about your digital photography , or been bitten with the bug after using a digital point-and-shoot , this may be just the camera for you .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
win software can be a little cranky , but much more easier to customize to your needs .
i spent much time debating on whether i should go with the zen xtra or the ipod .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
5 . the 1/200 sec , f5 .6 + nd filter for highly exposed ( or very brightly lit ) environments .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .
one bad thing though , i find the remote control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz . and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
3 battery has to be removed to recharge .
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .
otherwise it 'll get there the day you get back from the hospital !
you can create playlists , drag & drop songs and playlists to your player , and rip directly from cd to your player .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
the visceral teases include the case , the sound quality , and the capacity .
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n't used .
still no response .
if you have windows me you should upgrade to xp anyway , lol .
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing !
you would then have a phone number in that country and not have to pay for international roaming in that country .
the mediasource itself was flaky ... crashing my explorer twice within the first hour ( the crash did n't require a reboot ) ... but after another reboot , it has n't crashed since .
after about a minute of trying to tell me that most people use the lcd and not the view finder , they finally admitted , it was a design flaw in the camera .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
there should have been a recall on this product .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
just imagine if you place a bit of knowledge when you take your photos .
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
the leather case it comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect it perfectly .
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
i have no buyers remorse with this baby , and i never will .
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks .
had there been strange noises , or obvious defects , i would have accepted a replacement , but this is clearly from a defective and inferior operating system and i for one do not intend on waiting for patches .
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera :
i have used this phone for two months now .
grandma in church quiet .
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can ' t praise it highly enough .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
they are not wowable good .
i did n't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
i did buy the telephoto lens ( and the required extension ) .
i think there is a good chance i will try to get a samsung flip camera phone next year .
i thought it would be haggard but when i be gotted this junky i was mad happy and stuff .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
buy it for fun , for lack of processing , because you want to use iphoto , or whatever .
it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy it from lack a research and testing in one season .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well .
now my dissapointments .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
after much frustration ( above ) i found the notmad explorer ; cute product name for software that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer & organization problems .
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera .
- outstanding signal reception
what else can you say about a camera that works for both of you ?
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
i can ' t write enough positive things about this great little camera !
so , without further adoo .
i would say that this is not a major issue , but it can be slightly annoying if you care about these things .
a sliding old fashioned volume knob would also have been easier than the digital version that was included .
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on
i was planning on getting an ipod , but i changed my mind last minute ... mostly because of the whole battery issue , i do n't have the patience for those sorta things .
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
pictures produced by the panasonic were excellent .
you have to ask yourself , " how much money is dissapointment worth ? "
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
it would have been better to have some sort of window on teh carrying case , so you could see the display without opening it .
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
it is not perfect though .
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck
it works great .
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .
btw , if you * are * ripping your cds , mediasource accesses the cddb music catalog over the internet and the few cds i experimented with all provided good quality [ correct & uncluttered ] tag information .
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger .
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can ' t store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
i didnt wait to experiment .
- light , compact design
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase .
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do .
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
( batteries last longer too ! )
i can only hear the sound but no picture !
first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint .
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .
the included memory card is too small .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
it was just a problem with the player .
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
yes , all cameras except g3 were 5mp but i was looking for a lot more than just megapixel power .
i am a soldier serving in baghdad right now .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
i simply watched the extra features on another player .
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
however , it serves its purpose .
some amazon reviewers say it corrrupted their music files ;
i needed something with more power , so i bought a nikon coolpix 4300 .
( did i mention you can actually change the battery ? hello ? apple ? are you listening ? )
small problem .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus .
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features .
i have done a lot of research before i decided to buy the nomad zen xtra .
did i mention i 've already dropped it once ?
my past two phones were all flip phones , and i was beginning to tire of them .
i 'd like to see my old carrier do that !
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can ' t get through to their number , it 's always busy .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
after using it for a few weeks ( the amount of time before the hard drive crashed ) it revealed a few of its shortcommings .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder structure .
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .
" enjoy " !
on planes i use a splitter so two headphones can be plugged in for two people and the sound is equally good .
i recently bought the nomad jukebox zen xtra , and did n't even get as far as charging the battery .
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
they fall in love with the product .
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .
so when it breaks , as it will , you will find yourself very disappointed and depressed at the loss of the nomad .
it is a teeny phone , so it is hard to put a big mechanism in .
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) .
i 've had no problems with the software .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
granted this is cheaper than an ipod .
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
this is not a player you can take jogging .
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .
negative points :
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; it does n't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12.5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray !
almost there .
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking it on a flight back east for the holiday .
the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones .
thankfully amazon has free return shipping !
oh my goodness --
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
if the casing of the player is this bad , i can ' t image that the hardware is of very good quality .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
if you buy a creative mp3 player , be sure to get the optional extended warranty .
having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers .
it has a hold button to deactivate the buttons to avoid accidents ; however , enough reviewers have complained that the hold button is easily broken and then the device can ' t be used .
good quality video .
for ipod you have to buy a cable and it is n't compatible with all windows pcs .
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models .
zens rule .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
the scroll wheel , to be blunt , sucks .
the player : it 's silver .
before they are sold out !
if you are ok paying $ x00 for something that can be used now , but is likely to both get better and cost less in the future then try to determine which device is the lesser of evils for you .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
8 battery life is excellent .
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
do n't waste your money .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
anyway , on with the review .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode .
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
this player is an ideal purchase .
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
fair warning - do not buy .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
but i did n't because i 'm used to electronic products having a 12 month warranty .
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
but for now this will do .
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode .
all in all this a great player that blows the i-pod away , with easy to use and understand features , software that is simple to understand and use , and a great sound ( which is all that matters in a mp3 player ) .
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
i purchased and returned this product , but not because of any glaring flaws in the design .
but this camera is great !
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
if you have a question , they have the answer .
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ) .
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
the devices competing with the ipod are the iriver ihp 120 , the rio karma , and the philips hdd100 .
i think , apex is the best dvd player you can get for the price .
by what time standards -- martian ?
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
transfer files is easy using notmad , however again , would be great if nomad supported folders like iriver , rca lyra and some other .
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
i agree with the positive reviews .
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since .
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade !
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement .
awesome feature .
the grain was terrible .
as with taking digital pictures , i notice other people including myself have errors on their compactflash which results in certain shots being partially taken or lost - this is an issue that seems to effect compactflash and other digicam brand .
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue .
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
if it can fit in the drive bay , this dvd player will play it .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
well that was not a simple task .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
you 're talking totally different hardware .
that does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability .
granted it is a little more than the zen , it is well worth it .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture .
while the listing process is accurate for track names ( unlike windows ' reliance on the amg , which frequently gets track listings out of order ) , the results can be odd .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
after reading all the glowing review on this camera , i went to my local camera shop to try one .
they have n't got all the bugs worked out just yet .
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
anyone looking for more than " point and shoot " can make a huge step up for a moderate price difference .
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
i am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory .
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .
so i requested and received a zen xtra as a christmas gift .
and i finally settled on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
i can ' t speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
you have to add all the songs to a play list .
the 6610 is still easier to use than the other two phones ( t610 , t720i ) .
whatever you do , do n't buy this product .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
once again , the sound is awesome , the batter life is only 6-8 hours , and that is because all my music is 320 kbps which does affect the battery life .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
hope this review has helped you in making up your mind .
can ' t beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
i recently purchased the canon powershot g3 and am extremely satisfied with the purchase .
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want .
if you want to be a poser and follow the herd , mooooooh , then buy the i-pod .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch .
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy it much more .
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
it also has unproven battery life .
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
the scroll wheel is finicky ; it works most of the time but there is a learning curve for pressing it just right ; new users say they have 50 % - 75 % success rate ; some find it so frustrating that they just return the device .
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
this has made the greatest difference in the quality of my photographs : the built-in flash on any of these cameras gives you flat photos , red-eye , and annoying shadows ; a good add-on flash unit can be bounced off the ceiling or wall for pleasing , almost-natural lighting .
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten .
this camera has a major design flaw .
i just bought notmad manager ( $ 25 ) and file transfers are easy drag and drop , songs stored by id3 tags not by folders , needs to have software on computer to transfer files , no window on case ( nice case otherwise .
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem myself .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can ' t use nomad until you get home .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 !
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
anyways , canon has improved upon the g2 with this g3 .
if you read reviews for the 4 main contenders in this market - the ipod , creative zen , rio karma and iriver ihp - you 'll notice that each has their pros and cons ; none are perfect and you should decide whether you want to take to take the plunge now or later .
the upgrade went smoothly and was easy to do if you can follow directions .
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
what i really want is a $ 1,500 digital slr with a full frame sensor that will take my nikon lenses .
some dvd 's i rented would not play .
i had no problems following their installation instructions .
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
it was too new to have learned much about the advanced features , so i generally used the auto mode .
i shot over 300 photos at my goddaughter 's birthday party without switching out to my backup battery .
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .
great quality picture and features .
good points :
" check out " !
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
furher it contains a card reader , a flash card folder for up to 8 cards , a lense cleaning rag , and an ac adapter , which is very helpful when working in an " outlet environment " .
the ipod costs more for the same amount of memory .
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo . . .
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
if t-mobile does not offer such a phone most likely i will get the t610 .
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
after receiving the box from amazon , i proceeded with charging the unit for the specified 4 hours , after which i installed the software and connected the unit to my pc via usb 2.0 .
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time .
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
flash card memory vs. hard drive ( i.e. why does a 256 mb player cost $ $ $ ... and a 40 gb ( 40,000 mb ) player only cost
and really this is the best phone one could have .
word ... peace in the east bruvah .
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it .
so how can i do that ... are n't that free for two after the rebates .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
the title says it all ...
despite all the hype about ipods , i knew i wanted something different , because i wanted more storage than the ipod i could afford would offer , and because i wanted more flexibility in where i purchased music online .
point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
after installing it and trying to make it working for 30 minutes i went and bought notmad .
the other cameras were great and i 'm sure many people will beg to differ from my observations , but to each his / her own .
i do n't use a bracket , i just hold it above my head and aim the flash with my left hand .
if it does , ill give up .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
it does have a digital zoom on top of the optical zoom , but you sacrifice quality .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
but once in a while , i run up against it 's major flaw :
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
people i talk to on the speakerphone are shocked when it comes out at times that i 'm even using a speakerphone .
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2.0 .
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others .
do not underestimate this in your purchase decision .
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
( good going , amazon ) .
however , indoor pictures of subjects more than a few feet away can be blurry or grainy .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
thanks for nothing , amazon !
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive .
my only significant complaint is sound quality .
prior to my switch to t-mobile , sprint was my service provider .
i am returning the broken one today .
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
the controls definately took some getting used to .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage .
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
3 ) use files with id3 tags - not a problem if your cds were ripped within the last year .
friends of mine who own apex tv sets are also all very pleased .
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend it .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
you have to buy better ones .
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
the more subtle tones that were included with the phone are hard to hear at times .
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .
apple 's solution - pay apple another $ 400 + for a new ipod ( less a paltry discount ) .
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
that was annoying .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
is my unit defective ?
the built in fm radio is excellent for people traveling by public transport .
i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
maybe i 'll get lucky with the next one .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
i think a $ 39 dissapointment is better then a $ 125 dissapointment !
this thing seriously is a good player though .
great features . . .
you are not able to simply import files , but rather you have to go through multiple steps to find them .
right now , i 'm researching for an inexpensive slave flash unit that 's designed for digital cameras .
i got this camera about a month ago and i can ' t put it down .
i have n't tried setting up any playlists yet so i can ' t comment on any problems there .
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
i will just say this :
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera !
better actually cause my carpet looks clean , lol .
no big deal for the size . .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
you do n't have this problem if you make your playlist from the nomad , where cds are listed separately .
but the earbuds suck !
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
so i was all excited about the ipod but then the day before i went to best buy to check out the other mp3 players and i came across this one .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .
if you have any doubts about this player , well do n't .
i do n't have a dvd + r to try
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing .
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
the bottom line :
advertising pays off i guess . . .
very simple to use .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
i have n't figured it out yet .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
i wanted something that is able to take high quality photos but not be so bulky that i would wind up leaving it at home all the time .
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
features that would have been nice :
bought the apex ad-2600 from amazon in 12/03 mainly on price , $ 49.99 - $ 10 rebate = $ 39.99 .
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .
you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work .
if your view in life is that you are going to pay $ x00 to get a device then it must be near ideal - ruggedly constructed , fault proof , good product support , easy to use software - then do yourself a favor and do n't buy yet .
this camera will stay with me for years !
amazon is awaesome !
however , as an average person with unsteady hands , i doubt it 'll perform well in lower light settings .
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
keeps coming up with no disk errors .
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one .
i can not say enough good things about the people who answer the phones .
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
1 . i had initially thought of buying a 2 or 3 megapixel camera but these are good for 4x6 " or 5x7 " prints and i wanted some really great 8x10 " photos once in a while .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
if creative offered a 12-month warranty on their mp3 players , i 'd be covered .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
otherwise , you 'll have to mess around a lot with filenames inside the ( decent ) nomad explorer , which is not fun at all .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
same story as everybody else when trying to get service from apex - nothing .
hehe , my bad .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
i tried out some other brands in the stores , and was disappointed by the battery life of the other company ; plus what you see in the lcd ( no optical finder ) is n't what you get - not even for color ; the output was less than i expected .
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags .
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
also , if you 're an audiophile , you 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
my girlfriend is paranoid when i am not around her and i just take a pic and send it to her on the spot so she can regain her sanity .
4 ) it did play my jpeg photos but wow , trying to figure it out was really something !
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk . i love the aiff , progressive scan feature .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .
had to cut out a window using a swiss army knife .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
besides user error ( surprise , surprise ) , it 's hard to imagine people having trouble with either .
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
i waited a few years between phones , mostly because ( like most i think ) i didnt really need one .
- solid , high-quality construction
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back .
overall i think that you need to consider what you wa n't to do .
do n't be pulled in by the great price -- you get what you pay for , and there 's a reason this model is so cheap .
the phone has several color schemes you can choose from .
( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ) .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
now i use ms mediaplayer , musicmatch ( free downladed ) , and " explorer / my computer / grab files from disk c or d into the player " to replace the mediasource .
the battery life seems good , takes very little time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35 mm .
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
i was considering buying the minolta f-100 and the sony dsc-p 9 , but at the camera shop , realized this one went above and beyond .
i have had this phone for about 5 months .
maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures .
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .
( i guess only time will tell ? )
with our compact 35 mm broken , and a vacation in europe at hand , i finally decided to enter the digital age .
it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title . .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
24 hours ?
after a lot of research , i decided on the g3 .
size and style :
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take .
the light goes from red to green but no display or any operation whatsoever .
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent .
i received this dvd player free with the purchase of a palm tungsten e from officemax .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
guess i will return it for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
this is a wonderful camera .
worse of all , they claim that it 's some kind of internal damage and refuse to cover the cost via warranty !
so why lie about it ?
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can ' t .
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .
a lot of my opinions are more relevant for those who are switching from film .
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street . . .
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .
i am using notmad explorer to move music & playlists between the zen & my computer .
veteran zen users have explained how to stop if that 's what you want .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
some may complain that there 's no drag-and-drop capability , but what they should realize is that this is mainly a portable music player , not a computer accessory or hard drive .
have had the player since xmass and love it !
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
after about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player .
apex is made in usa and is one of the underrated brands out there .
cleaned the dvd , tried again , no luck .
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet .
and maybe the answer is to buy an ipod .
some feature i could turn on or off , or some attachment i could get .
this junky is super duper rad . it be my fav c-phone and stuff .
not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n't load on some computers .
i was , however .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ) .
the downside though , may be a big one for you .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
the storage capacity is great for me --
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
i ordered this player for christmas , and so far i have it for only 2 weeks .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .
i use my own mid-priced headphones rather than the enclosed earbuds .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
it 's horrible .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
through the software you can classify songs in genres .
what a junk .
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
i can ' t simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next .
the most important thing for me is sound quality .
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry .
there are six default settings ( off , vivid , sepia , neutral , low sharpening , b & w ) as well as a ' custom effect ' that allows you to control sharpening , contrast and saturation .
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine .
bottom line for me is that for the price i do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
guess all that glitters is not gold .
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can ' t say much about the motorolla .
there were a few flaws that i learned to deal with and took thousands of pictures around the world , losing a few that i really regretted .
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs .
i did a little research on the web and this is the player i decided on .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
a great buy .
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 .
was it a full moon that night ?
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
the reason for this the ipod has " a better user interface " .
reason for two ?
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 .
the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
one minor complaint :
the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched .
for most people , they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
unfortunately it turns out to be the " disposable " type .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .
just make sure the keys are locked .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
i ordered 2 .
it took maybe 15 minutes to transfer 1000 songs .
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
i checked with nokia .
hopefully , this player will out sell the ridculously over-hyped i-pod .
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
i 'll just say this . . .
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
also , the lens cap design is flawed .
the second one is up and running .
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n't even gotten to all of them yet .
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can ' t be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
i can highly recommend this product because of its ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
because , you will be dissapointed .
consider the time you save during picture taking especially not missing a good moment and during download , it 's well worth the little extra money .
artist , album and genre are only mp3 tags which are supported buy this player , and if you have 100 artists would be good to have another subcategory .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
from the other reviews i 've read , it sounds like that wo n't be the end of my troubles .
no go on most formats .
i 've picked up a few accessories that i found to be useful .
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) .
ripping & transferring tunes is basic , and pretty fast ( even on a 1.1 usb ) .
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
i purchased this as a christmas gift for my husband .
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .
you get what you pay for .
it 's a very intuitive program .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc .
i returned it once , then i sent it back , and it is crap .
therefore , if you wanted to travel abroad and pop in a local sim card , even if you unlock the phone , there is no way you can use the local wap browser or internet .
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
i 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder . . .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .
very cheaply made .
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
all the products have drawbacks and are not mature yet ; if you expect value and reliability then wait a while .
overall i like the unit .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
also the ipod has games on it .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with me became attractive .
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
again had to remove the battery .
if you purchase this product , definitely rip your songs through windows media player .
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
it happened to me once .
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
using the gprs option you can pay 19.99 extra a month and have unlimited internet access added to you account .
the software sucks .
creative labs customer support website is useless .
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can ' t create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
if i could give this a negative rating , i would .
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
i got 45 outdoor and 15 indoor shots with the monitor on turning the camera off and on over a 4 hour period before the battery died .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can ' t avoid that .
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2.5 mm headset jack .
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
choosing zennx is a no-brainer when factoring in the cost of a new $ 400 + ipod every few years versus the $ 50 cost of replacing zennx 's rechargeable battery .
now getting back to this .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
added 2-24 .
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .
how does it sound ?
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button .
* removable battery
a good player at a great price with terrible software that makes ripping and transferring way more difficult than it should be .
80 % of the features on here you will not get by spending $ 100 on a sony or panasonic .
no issues as of yet
you see , i can ' t rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
before jumping on the ipod train , take a look at this marvel .
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .
this is nothing new , every mp3 player , memory card , etc. , used for digital media today has some kind of preloaded operating software on it .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
however , the ad-2600 does n't have this feature ( for now ) .
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
this is extemely lame .
player controls :
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
i had an older camera that was simply a point and shoot camera .
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20 usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
i can do that myself .
i like the speakerphone function a lot .
aight den bumpy ?
i also registered the unit online and posted two messages to the apex support person ( there can ' t possibly be more than one !
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd .
crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
so far the player froze on me once ( i started pushing buttons before it loaded ) but since is hard drive based - you have to expect that .
just be aware of it .
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
i bought this dvd player in november .
so loud , really , that it does n't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .
i have a 128mb card in it and can shoot over 150 hi res photos .
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...
this is my second digital camera , though i also use one at work and have some experience with several nikon and canon models .
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
i am bored with the silver look .
so i finally gave them a deadline which they said they could meet .
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
honestly , i love this player .
find another phone , or buy this one in its manufacturer-unlocked form .
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .
it 's worth it .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
i bought this thing because it plays everything .
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that .
it says i have a harddisk problem .
that would be a nice compromise between jpeg and raw .
i have not spent much time with the included software , so i do n't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
the price / performance looked just right .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .
however , it does n't register instantly as a hard drive like other players .
being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
i listened to it for several days before needing to recharge them .
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
i did n't use it long enough to know , but clearly you need to use it with caution .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .
be very careful when the battery is low and make sure to carry extra batteries .
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from my computer , and then transfer them to a friend 's .
the " scene " mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a " regular " setting .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase !
i became interested in getting a mp3 player when i got a new work computer ; while my office bars the addition of any non-work software , it does n't care if you load cds onto the hard drive .
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
now i have to return it and rip all my music again .
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .
the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead .
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
here were my requirements in a digital camera :
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
do n't buy this player .
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
ok , that happens , so i try to skip the chapter .
go for it !
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .
the first one would n't work from the start .
i purchased the nikon 4300 after several weeks of searching .
however , the creative lab did come out new update to fix their software problems .
( but as any hard drive , all of them freeze at certain points )
the software failed repeatedly .
apex sucks !
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
i just used the explorer program to move my songs to my player .
try before you buy if at all possible : although i am a mac addict now for over a decade and everyone i know has previously bought an ipod , the nomad zen xtra was a far better value and is just as easy to use with regards to both hardware and software interface .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3 lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
my first impression was positive .
10 great price for all the features .
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels .
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work .
although canon 's batteries are proprietary , they last a really long time , recharge fairly quickly in the camera , plus if you want ' more power ' , you can even find a knockoff charger and spare batteries right here on amazon .
i do recommend getting the data kit for those geeks .
eg 60 $ for a plastic box to hold 4 aaa batteries to increase the use time past 6-8 hrs ( reviewers figures )
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !
it worked good for a while .
great camera .
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc .
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
now that i have all my music on it there has n't been any more problems .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place .
i also got a ur-e 4 step down ring adapter , lc-e 900 lens cap , and the nikon 28 mm filter set .
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for them on the nomad .
my one recommendation to creative is to get some marketing people to work on the names of these things .
the macro works great for medical photographs and the auto mode is terrific for point and shoot .
like most people , i do n't want to read the instructions , i just want to use it .
i 've bought one for the den and will buy a 2nd one for the bedroom .
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
i 'm considering using mine as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
i can ' t connect it to my computer though , but that 's a problem with windows me , not the camera .
my story is based on personal usage .
sound quality :
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
* slick-looking design and improved interface
5 hours max . i did it like this
press the p/n button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
save yourself some aggrivation .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
i looked at both the nikon coolpix 5700 and the canon g3 , and decided on the g3 due both to ergonomics ( much more comfortable to hold and use ) and the price .
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it .
the warranty is 90 days .
i discovered this weekend that itunes does not sell mp3 's in the mp3 format .
so rule of thumb , no matter what you end up buying , get the extended warranty !
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) .
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
now i dont have to lug around 80 cds if i dont know what i 'm going to want to listen to biking home .
excellent sound - i found the music reproduced faithfully through the jukebox .
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ) .
for the price and features it is really good .
synchronizing music among computers , if you have more than one , seems to be an issue ; research this before buying if you have multiple computers you want to be synchronized .
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but can not be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can ' t be stopped .
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
gee ... thanks a lot creative .
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ) .
forget about the sleek looks if it can ' t play some of your real dvds .
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .
for those out there that are not familiar with mp3 encoding , you can encode your cd 's at varying quality levels .
any film zoom p and s would have given superior results with a minimal effort .
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
i did n't abuse it , i charged it every day , but the headphone jack just sort of fizzled out .
but who cares ?
transfers are surprisingly quick through usb 2.0 .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
for other problems go to http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
i have been assured this will be fixed soon .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
beats that sony f717 ; its archrival .
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better .
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .
i can ' t comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd .
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at & t , go with the other carriers .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
ok , im writing yet another review , about a week from my previous one .
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so .
i do n't need to go into exhustive review of this camera .
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely .
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense .
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did .
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it .
the g2 was better in this respect .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case .
i bought a digi-slave dsf-1s flash unit .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
wow . . .
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can ' t do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month .
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away !
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !
pc cable is too expensive ... $ 50 for a usb cable ?
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation .
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
i first intended to buy the 3100 , but am really happy to invest the extra money for the 4300 .
it has a nice color screen .
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
i got this player for christmas & this was my first time using an mp3 player .
another stupid move .
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes .
i 've tried draining it until it wo n't turn on & recharging it overnight .
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
i do n't really like bounce .
this is not the same thing as a film camera .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
bottom line , if you 're attracted to this phone because of its tri-band feature so you can take it abroad , forget it .
for the money apex machines have good features .
they told me i would have to connect to my laptop , which had to be on and connected to my corporate network through the phone in order to access my corporate email .
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wa n't up to the task .
their customer service is very poor .
also , there is the need to send the ipod to replace the batteries when they die ( which they will ) .
it 's bigger , but people have grossly exaggerated the size differences - it 's only about half an inch longer and 1/3 inch thicker than the new-generation ipods .
they authorized my late return , and hopefully they are giving apex heck .
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .
the prior one looked and felt lightweight , cheesy , and assembled by the oppressed :
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .
ok so i donno about what other people said , how the player breaks and stuff , and the headfone jack , fortunately that did not happen to me .
bought this product about a month ago and have used it in a variety of situations .
the 6610 is the actually the longest but they are all very small .
a digital camera will stay at home if its a hassle to use .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
advanced photobugs will find more creative control than imaginable .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
i got my camera three days back , and although i had some experience with digital cameras prior to purchasing this one , i still rate myself as a beginner .
the motorolla phone have a horrible battery which lasts about a day ( although i heard that the motorolla t722i has a much longer battery life ) .
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
this is definitely opening up possibilities to obtaining mp3 's in which i would have never purchased the cd .
you will have a very expensive paperweight .
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .
we 'll see if i need them to .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
that said , they are pretty sturdy machines and i would n't let this dissuade you from getting an mp3 with a lot of memory .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .
do not buy this player .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( i 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ) .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
compusa , memorex , fuji .
it took them twice as long to get to my unit as they said .
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road .
battery life is good for a phone of this size .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .
you can get a pretty good progressive scan sony or toshiba now for 68 bucks just about anywhere .
i charged it up the day i got it , took a bunch of pictures and i do n't think the battery indicator has budged from fully charged .
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
absolutely breathtaking .
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
as its 4mp , you might need bigger storage to store high quality images and recording movies ( you can record 3 minutes of video ) .
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
great screen and great sound .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
made the camera totally inoperable .
after fiddling around with it for a while , i notice a few dissapointments :
save them on computer and print out just the ones who want .
basically wat happened , is that the hard drive failed .
but there are certain issues might be they are to me here - all of them are minor ; not major ones though ,
what the heck is up with the 2600 .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
- you just have to buy a new player .
i 've had the player for about a month now .
this is a great camera for you !
i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas .
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
it puts an end to organizational deficiencies as well as communications and internet , without a bulky phone like the treo or something , which i had to cell because i was so unhappy with it .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead .
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
the storage capacity is great .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return .
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
i tried e-mailing apex and they come back saying undeliverable .
take the time to fill in those tags !
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
i like the default blue .
i bought this product from amazon .
no more annoying series of beeps .
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
and so far , i 've been very pleased .
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .
i first bought a 6 gig nomad jukebox ( original ) .
i therefore bought a second battery as a backup , and due to the lightingfast charging with the included charger , which by the way works on 110v as well as 220v in europe , we ran never out of " juice " .
the cd just has too many problems with win xp .
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .
it is small .
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed .
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
i know the saying is " you get what you pay for " but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse .
the sound quality is very good .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
this seemed like a really good compromise .
do too many stuffs to get to a free phone after rebate .
a card with more memory is a must .
in the last month i bought the apex ad-1600 and the ad-1220 .
well thats about it , and as people said in earlier previews that the headfone jack gets messed up , stil havent happened to me , and i hope it doesnt .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .
i 've been able to change modes on this thing without even looking at the manual .
fm receiver - it has none .
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
repair seems to be an issue ; some say the repair do n't exist
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
i did n't even try the included software .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
i bought the apex ad-2600 dvd player for the family for christmas .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
a lot of people complain about the creative software , but i actually find creative mediasource organizer to have some strengths over itunes .
i 'll see how much help i can get from amazon and report back .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
the quality is superb .
the dvd player just would ' t recognize them .
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
the top of the player is a thin metal piece that covers up the battery and is removable .
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( this is a free service ) with the click of a button .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
in addition , you can create play lists where you can create the equivalent to a compilation cd right on your player .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
i have an apex ad600 for a few years now which still works great today .
apex does n't answer the phone .
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work .
another nice thing is that the unit has both optical and coax digital audio outputs , though the latter was not mentioned in the literature i 'd scanned before buying .
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took !
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
i purchased this phone after having been an at &#38; t subscriber with a nokia 8260 phone for over three years .
1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's " unspecified " ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !
what 's going on creative labs ?
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
the phone is very light weight .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
got a great deal from a reputable seller .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .
the pro ...
i used lexar 256 mb and i still use it which means nothing is wrong with lexar .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
downloads are a snap and quick .
however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
since the front plate is removable to access the battery compartment , aftermarket alternate covers would not be difficult or expensive to make .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables .
i should have looked at it harder .
i 'm not sure if it would survive a fall from 3 feet .
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
picture this :
i 've compared and compared and compared .
i feel that once i contact amazon that they will get to the bottom of this .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
forget talking on it in public -- you just can ' t hear the other person !
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
you have to add them to the playing list .
i received this as a gift .
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra 's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
the plus points are -
i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 !
so what ?
i just put it on " shuffle " , sit back , and enjoy the eclectic mix that almost 3,000 tunes offer !
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
the service deafults to showing the information associated with your billing zip code , but you can change the default and seach other areas while on the go .
great features . .
there was very little light in there .
it has many great features and very few bad ones .
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted it ! !
one thing puzzles me is that for " fine and 2200 + " quality pictures , one ultra 256mb cf card can only hold 130-140 pics , but the size of the pictures are only around 1.2 mb , the math does not add up .
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt .
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
it 's money down the drain .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
one word of caution with regards to using the nomad with itunes .
you should too .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
the sound from the player is ok .
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
all i am looking for is a rebate form !
i had apex regular ( non-progressive ) dvd-player for two years .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
other than that this thing is great ...
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
1 ) price / gb of storage
very easy to use .
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
this thing does its job .
any disadvantages are easily outweighed by its advantages .
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
overall , a very disappointing product .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
and those songs mostly are 320 kbps .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
noiseless , light weight and oh yeah .
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update that was available on their website .
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .
so what are you waiting for ?
the pros :
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day .
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .
for the money , get a better quality player .
my room is so dark and when i tried taking pics of it with my old camera , they came out black , but with this , they look the same in the picture as in real life .
as i said , this is the last digital camera i 'll buy , and if you are in the market one , my advice is to buy the best thing you can afford and keep it forever .
( 2 ) there are , actually , several differences between the g2 and g3 , such as differences in continuous shooting , the optical lens , the control layout , playback zoom , image processing , and so on .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you .
no way to contact their customer service .
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you can not imagine !
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
the nokia , samsung and the sony phones can all last for 3 days provided you do n't talk too much .
no difference .
the software and design are geared towards enhancing the music experience .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked .
i got every song i had downloaded to the player within a day or so .
it 's a winner .
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .
after " loading " for what seemed like a very long time , the display indicated " no disk " .
we use older versions 880 , 885 of this model in the office and i find them to produce excellent quality photos .
structurally , everything is secure and it wo n't fall apart on you .
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
after spending hours being transferred from one tech help person to another , i got fed up and have decided to return the phone .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can ' t get a video signal from the machine .
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
plugged it in .
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
sound : exceptional , though i can ' t really compare it to the ipod .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
works great !
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too .
when the player was working it was great , but .
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .
a. the cddb downloads information for the cd that you insert such that you do not have to type in the track information such as album , artist , song title , etc .
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .
b. fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2.4 ghz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for .
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it .
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
3 . it 's a hazard in the car .
i purchased a jukebox 3 from creative almost a year ago .
was i just unlucky at that moment ?
it overrides songs so you have to go in there and put it your own titles especially if you have remixes .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it .
my only suggestion is to get a lens protector to help protect the shooting lens ( the lens coating will wear out after so many clean wipes ) and i 'm getting the those ( 52 mm adapter and uv lens filter ) at lensmateonline.com .
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
to me this alludes to the manufacturer 's confidence that the product will last for a year .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox . . .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
radio is awsome , but it does n't work unless you have the earpiece in .
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .
those that have it like it .
nokias have always had good sound quality and this is no exception .
i 'll admit that i 'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy .
pro : 1 .
i bought this for my dad for christmas .
in manual , you can set it to " single af " where it will focus by depressing the shudder button prior to taking the pic ; this is not really a hinderance , you just have to be familiar with its menus and features .
the price is way below an ipod of the same size .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
guess where this unit is headed ?
8mb for a camera like this is a joke .
the good news is if you can ' t get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it .
a short range fm transmitter would be much nicer .
originally i wanted the ipod .
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on my home computer , this would not have been an issue .
really quiet .
we are overall pleased with product .
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .
i considered this phone ( nokia 6610 ) , mainly because of my sister and the features .
at the same time , i wanted my wife to not be intimidated by knobs and buttons .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .
overall design :
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
construction quality is a difficult item .
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like my apartment ) .
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
buy this camera and savour it .
if you can live without an integrated camera , you wo n't miss much more .
also , i downloaded the latest firmware upgrade and software updates .
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
my sister has this series of phone and she loves the radio and headset .
wo n't play a lot of discs .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
some of the more geeky ( non-apple type ) reviewers complain that the scrollwheel is annoying after a while and they resent being forced into this apple-like interface .
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
cameras capture moments .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .
drop if just a few inches on a hard surface and the faceplate pops off ( but not if it 's in its case ) .
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players
now , i thought it 's time to upgrade .
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar .
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked .
once you start sending files , it 'll continue until it 's done or it hits a song that has the same title as another song ... at which point you can skip , skip all , replace , replace all , or cancel .
i find this to be a great feature .
everything else about the camera is great .
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .
the menu options are uncreative , as you can ' t see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
thumbs down on that one .
the pros and cons of it :
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
we tried the " finding nemo " dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason .
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a .
it has a few inconveniences : one is that the songs do not automatically play one after another like on a cd .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
i purchased this player last week .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
3 ) folders can not be created for the audio files .
really happy with this little camera .
it 's just easier for me since i can make on the fly adjustments .
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations . . .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with my service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when my warrenty expires .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this .
unfortunatly it was dropped and damaged a year after i bought it .
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
do n't buy this player .
this is all i have to say .
battery life is ok .
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .
- the replacable battery is great since once it eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
in all a winning combination .
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
the other reviewers have clearly pointed all the good things about this camera , which i do agree .
the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does !
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .
silverish color really adds a special touch .
when i first had it i kept finding myself having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
the volume .
they could be more comfortable , but no complaints in the sound department .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
but they offer only a 3-month warranty ( on all of their players , including the zen xtra ) .
i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power .
i could n't load more than one song before the software crashed .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
otherwise feedback seems to be good .
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service .
it beats the competition in almost every area including battery life , enthusiast features , external flash capabilities , available storage types , image formats , and more .
but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem .
i am back to using # 1 .
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product .
first of all , let 's start with my needs : 1 $ 500 budget 2 4mp resolution , 3 optical clarity and color , 4 fast - very little shutter lag and quick sep-up for next picture , 5 compact size , and 6 good camera grip to minimize camera shake .
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run .
i do n't write many reviews but i 'm compelled to do so with this camera .
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .
there was no distortion and it sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
the higher the number the better the quality ( less data compression is used ) and the larger the file size .
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .
i can of course buy such a tool off the shelves separately but helps if it comes with my camera .
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .
if it were not for that i would have given it 4 .
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . )
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
for the average music listener not expecting much ... this may be a satisfactory mp3 player ...
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
after several years of torture in the hands of at & t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at & t to t-mobile !
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas !
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( i would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ) .
tmobiles might not have the best reception in some areas but with amazing phones such as nokia 6610 and cheap plans that you get way more minutes than any other plans .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
i can not recommend it enough ! !
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you do n't need to do anything until it 's done .
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
that 's all for now .
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
many of our disney movies do n't play on this dvd player .
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .
creative software stinks .
i love photography .
this did n't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
while i am at the store i will definitely get the extended warranty as i have another day or so ( from the purchase date ) to obtain one .
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .
sometimes you skip past things or have to press it twice to select items .
do n't buy this camera if you are not going to purchase a 128 megabyte card .
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer . . . read the manual ) .
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
so far i 've played regular dvd 's , backup dvd-r 's , mp3 cd 's , and regular cd 's .
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .
i love this player .
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive .
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter .
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
now i can always be in contact .
the headphone jack acts as a pseudo line out jack .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
a great deal in general !
the catch is it 's built like a piece of crap .
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35 mm .
the g3 has most if not all of the features that you would want from a semi-pro / pro slr with a good range of manual options for those who know something about photography .
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke .
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks .
nokia does not disappoint in this model .
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
messing around with images in photoshop ( a supplied software package ) and printing them on a good printer , yielded excellent results .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
overall , a good buy for the price .
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warrranty period is to expire .
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
also , i can ' t understand why the software does not ignore " the " when it lists the cds in alphabetical order .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr .
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
if you want great sound quality , do n't want to spend an arm and a leg per-gigabyte , do n't mind being something of an iconoclast among many ipod users , and are willing to sacrifice a few cubic centimeters of your personal space for a large discount , then i would suggest the zen xtra for you .
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
the best 4 megapixel / 4x optical zoom camera available and fairly easy to use .
i love the storage in this thing .
for work , we use them in the field often , and they hold up really well .
i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems .
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution .
forget about it .
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
very bad quality .
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
every t-mobile plan comes with gsm data , meaning that instead of speeds of 56 kbps is around 9 kbps ( with those small size wap websites do you really think it makes a difference ) .
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness .
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
i am still trying to figure out the may options it has .
if you can afford this camera , you can afford to get a better strap elsewhere - a very minor quibble .
( 1 gb = 1,000 mb )
so it was no loss .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
you can always spend more money to get a better one .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
it 's easy .
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
i think the reson for the creative being larger is for sound dampening and protection , whihc is a plus , but then again it is only speculation .
however , the music and data are apparently not separated ; ipod reviewers complain about " white noise " in random feedback mode that comes from appointments / contacts created on the ipod during synchronization .
recently , i attended a " flyball " competition
what a big improvement ... lol ) and the fact that lots of people have had problems with ipods on windows computers , i realized this is a much better buy .
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .
it seems like movement , even small movement , causes skipping in playback and even the device freezing .
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
after playing with this little device , i do n't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan . . .
good thing i got a replacement plan .
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
i would have liked to have given it 4-1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
2 ) storage capacity
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
an extra rechargeable en-el 1 battery is also handy , so you will seldom run into " out of battery " situation .
ease of use :
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less .
think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ?
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether .
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours .
i could crush this thing in half with two fingers if i wanted to .
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
the fm radio is cool .
great camera , great investment !
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
if you have a good digital camera , there is no reason to consider the camera capabilities of a mobile phone .
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .
get better headphones .
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
it comes equipped with lot of wallpapers and polyphonic sweet tunes .
i have read a lot of the reviews and my phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
i have a large collection of cds and have loaded over 100 of them so far .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in my house .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
a disipointed customer .
i was cruising around the device within 20 minutes .
after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
another plus in my book , no file limits !
the battery recharges real fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing .
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad .
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .
and then you will start to belive them .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
i 've got 1200 songs on it now and about 4000 more to go .
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .
creative provided e-mail support ;
value : comparing data storage with price .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
you could have paid more and got a lot less .
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .
it 's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
this product sucks , the customer service from apex sucks .
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
i saw another review saying his only gripe was a lack of voice dialing .
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because it lacks those features , bluetooth and high speed internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
it is easy to " focus " in on the drawbacks , so do n't think i hate this camera .
that is where my satisfaction ends .
is eax faulty ?
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone .
you do take your chances with this phone .
this explains why you see what appears to be such weird pricing on mp3 players .
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
this is one of those items that , at first glance , looked cool but did n't really ring a bell with me .
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ) .
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine .
excellent idea !
the nikon 's are great cameras .
i can replace that if the scratch is unbearable to look at .
but that 's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .
this would have been much easier .
i am new to the whole digital camera thing ; well , new to the whole camera thing period , really .
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
great design and looks cool .
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
- excellent sound quality
for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer .
what a mistake !
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
it lasts , truly , 7 days on standby .
- the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
do n't drop this unit :
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
the nomad can hold any type of file , not just mp3 , so you can use it as a portable hard disk .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
what a disappointment !
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music .
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
you should consider this when deciding what bit rate you want to use and how much you want to put on the player .
usability ( button usage , feature selection , menu structure , display size and quality ) also has good feedback .
i ignored the instruction booklet ( as i do with any product ) and figured out how to organize separate playlists within minutes .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
you can also search for your song , which is good .
hope i 've been of some help .
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail .
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside .
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
it focuses in a snap .
small size .
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
two months ago , an internal part failed ( not due to customer abuse ; it just failed ) .
the karma does have a stop button .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
the files are there , but i could not access the player without removing the battery , waiting a short period and re-inserting the battery .
the ipod 's white plastic look / surface does n't suit me .
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
so . . .
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
the software , mediasource , can not work on my pc . ( laptop , intel p4-2.0 , xp os ) .
i quickly discovered that the nomad was n't going to work for me .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he 'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well . . .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
after messing with it at a store i noticed how bad the i-pod was .
able to use service in another country :
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal .
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res . , with good resolution .
i love this camera .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .
so i took it back to best buy where i bought it and exchanged it for a newer zen 20 gig model .
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
if it worked like that in south africa , i imagine it would just work without a hitch in europe .
after some consideration i chose the 40gb nomad zen xtra from creative , and i have not been disappointed .
that 's the first thing to understand .
anybody can explain that ?
my opinions :
subsequent behavior even worse .
take my words and give it a try .
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
the resolution is very good and the colors are bright and even changeable !
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
when i turned eax off the static disappeared .
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
the biggest drawback that people have about the zen xtra is the software .
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .
crappy headphones .
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select them by using the number keypad .
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .
the t610 can also compose music , a feature which most wo n't use .
seriously ! i love it !
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !
now we come to the zen xtra . . .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
in a quick summation , here is what i found .
first there 's the unit itself .
only con i can think of is no camera ... .
thank you very much , and go out and get yourself a nomad !
dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
you can ' t find the mpeg playback on high priced units .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
that is a very nice feature .
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
i will never buy a creative product again .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
can ' t complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
i was getting so sick of my old motorola l7089 , but was waiting for the right phone to come along .
it has never worked .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can ' t keep up with demands .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
warning - i did read the manual !
i reviewed several digital cameras before settling on this one .
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
i can only hear the sound .
want the laundry list of reasons why ?
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
i have not yet tried the cd-ripping program .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
3 . i wanted a camera that had a lot of built-in settings for different types of suroundings while giving me an option to use my photography skills although , i am an amateur with an interest in photography by turning on the manual settings .
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones .
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage .
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
unfortunately , the player would not read any of my region one dvds . even though they were not damaged in any way .
different people have different needs , of course , but the t-mobile plans are priced very well for the minutes and services you receive .
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
umm , well , thanks for nothing .
thats it .
after having had my heart broken by a sexy piece of hardware that simply would n't perform .
that player is a complete piece of sh *** .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
disgusted with myself after i found the phone in the bottom of the washing machine , i was about to throw it away when one of my fellow soldiers asked if he could dry it out for me in an effort to revive the phone .
i figured with a great first product and with this one having more features than the 600 i would buy one .
the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected .
usb 2.0 - very fast
now i can transport files to friends house with ease .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
- price : see above .
i would much more have preferred a keypad-type navigator like found on dvd remotes .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
reviews of apple 's support are generally poor ; they seem to address issues in warranty , which covers a short time after delivery / pickup of item .
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
simple to use and hook up .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
- large easy readable screen
proven canon built quality and lens .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
i figure that is at least three years off , and i am getting impatient .
the earbuds that come with it are n't that bad .
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as i already had a coax cable .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
thank you !
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
again , though , it has only been used sparingly .
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
if you plan to carry the device around ( it is a mobile device , right ? ) then this is something you might want to think about .
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
only one disk played through to completion successfully .
the dvd player does not work properly .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can ' t understand why eax would introduce static .
still , had to send it back to nikon for repair .
what more could you ask for .
you should update the firmware before upgrading the drivers if you decide you need the newer drivers for the pc .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
my advice to mp3 buyers : consider how much storage space you will need , then try and listen before you buy -- mp3 players can only fully evaluated by holding and listening to them .
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
i followed their advice but that failed , too .
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered .
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty .
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
* software is absolutely terrible :
after receiving my zen xtra 40gb mp3 player . . .
the pictures are amazing .
it has lots of features such as the calendar which works like my outlook calendar .
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .
i have it connected to speakers for a nice musical alarm in the morning .
however , i should have followed my instincts :
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again .
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
great feature list , poor reliability .
it 's almost like having a media player / file manager built into the dvd player .
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
100 % perfect if you put some thought and time into reading the manual before you take the photos .
strike 1 .
fiance did n't like the feel .
i can take better pictures with this then my rebel ti with a good lens .
below is how i evaulate this phone with other t-mobile phones which i have borrowed from parents / friends :
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user-friendly player imo .
almost half what an ipod would cost you !
i showed her how to turn it on , where the lens zoom lever is , and she loves it !
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
this thing kicks mighty apple butt !
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
i do hope that they offer more faceplate options .
however , if anyone has participated in violent or extreme sports while using their zen , please share your experiences .
2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong .
when it arrives , you press the shutter release .
i shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive mp3 player .
maybe creative will come out with a better design , although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again .
but it works perfectly fine on my parent 's computer .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
reading the reviews , it looks as though people really love this device for a month or two and then come to hate it .
many before me have done that already .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
within 5 minutes i was able to transfer files .
i 'll state up front that i do not own a zen xtra and have not used one at all .
yup , right back for a refund !
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
we got a familyplan from t-mobile which saves us tons .
it took me about 5 minutes before i had mastered the controls .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks . . .
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can ' t go wrong .
awful , awful , awful .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
my pda becames a digital album .
it 's been so long since i 've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
it also stores data so i can see myself placing some data files on here .
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags .
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
but that 's a moot point now .
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature .
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
overall an excellent phone .
unless your a professional , now you will need only one camera . this one .
i cancelled the order .
first let me give you the bad things :
by the way , it looks nice also .
no way , now i have an ipod and i 'm a very happy man .
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it .
the radio :
you will be sorry if you do .
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
i bought this last week through amazon .
after reading the very positive review of this camera in a leading consumer magazine , i decided to head here , to amazon , to read through the online reviews .
bought one for $ 49.99 .
+ screen was good , easy to read
the moment passes , and then your new g3 camera takes the shot .
i highly recommend it .
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
that said this phone does what it does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
wow , dennis sure is great !
i dare you to surf the net and find the code .
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
then just forget about all the controls you have on the metz flash head itself and the sca 3102 control panel , because they are all ignored .
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
5 for " digital film " it uses compact flash cards , which are easy to find , cheap , reliable and supported by many other devices you may have at hoome .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
cheaper in every way .
1 ) slr like programming and exposure control gives you latitude to be creative , yet its program and auto exposure settings provide excellent photos if you do n't want to bother with the settings .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
it is transferes a song in about 2 seconds .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
so you can plug your nomad directly into your stereo or use a car adapter , but you do n't get the quality from a true line out jack .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .
if i knew then what i know now i would have paid the extra to get an ipod & avoided the zen .
do n't let my five star rating fool you .
not an urgent issue , as it still works . . .
size and weight :
playlists can be generated on the fly ( which is a bit clunky but still a really nice bonus ) or by using the software , and there are a bevy of eq options .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
i 'll still use my photosuite for editing .
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time .
now as others said , so far this player is an awesome player , there are flaws .
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
because this camera is beautiful .
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why .
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .
that 's probably a bad thing .
the features are really cool like the radio .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you .
the bottom line , i 'll still watch the progress of iriver hdd players and if they produce 40 gb player i 'll will sell my nomad and buy iriver .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
bummer as it has great sound quality .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
i got it now , and i 'm diggin ' it .
if only it played stand alone avi files .
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
i did have ability to charge it every night , so do n't know how long it would have actually gone before dying .
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
in english , this means that even straight out of the box , you 'll be amazed at the pics you end up taking .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
of course , unlike that person i will mention that i upgraded the firmware to 1.23 . 00 . but i did transfer files before the upgrade without problem too .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
dont let the bad reviews of the software change your mind .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .
the catch with the canon g3 camera , ( and perhaps all of digital cameras ) is that its unresponsiveness will cause you to miss precious shots .
i love the pros and cons reviews so here ya go :
do n't buy this thing .
started ripping and transferring .
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .
my brother bought an ipod this past summer and my dad bought the original zen around the same time . .
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium ; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews .
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
while i had the phone , the positive features were : good sound quality and an excellent fm phone and earpiece .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
this dvd play is basicly junk .
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it .
i have had no problems with the phone .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
always carried it in a case in by briefcase but one day the hard drive just zapped .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
overall it is the best camera on the market .
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund .
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .
very happy !
third , the poor design continues with the case .
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that 's okay .
therefore im saying im returning it right now , and i will see wat happens with my next zen xtra ( same replacement ) .
they look fantastic .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
for those of you using a mac in os x + there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .
transferred the zens new software onto it in about 10 seconds .
hope i helped !
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
that was a mistake .
for an early christmas gift , i got a zen xtra 40 gb player .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
why i do n't can this product without a plan ?
frequent signal searches eat up battery power .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
pros summary :
the canon g3 .
have had problems since the first day
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk !
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
boy was i wrong .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev . machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
the button on the remote to switch from pal to ntsc was undoubtedly my problem .
for once , though , this 3rd party software is excellent .
way less expensive than the ipod .
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
i changed video cables , tried connecting to tv on input1 and input2 but no help .
bluetooth functionality would have made the phone even better .
so i pop-in my first dvd and start to watch .
then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts them on your computer .
but for what i do use it is perfect .
it was impossible to do so before .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
software : for the people who complain about software , please , stop complaining .
great job canon !
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it .
the time taken in shifting from one menu option to other is in microseconds only .
i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
i purchased two apex 2600 for christmas presents .
software - the software is crap .
as said before this works perfectly .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
so far the software for the pc works easily .
although they accepted that they will ship on mon - 6 jan , they still did n't ship it .
in my case , the bill was $ 81 , about a third of what i paid for it .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . "
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon .
i own another canon - an eos ( 35 mm film ) camera .
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! )
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc .
i love it ! !
for me the sound of the music is what is important .
- best in class sound
the batteries would not charge .
now i know better .
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now .
you can also set a background wallpaper .
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
loved the slim design .
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 . . .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity .
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with it .
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ...
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
zennx hopefully will gain market share and prompt arrogant apple to lower prices and enable consumers to replace the battery .
no-one mentions whether there is a stop button , but the photos do n't show one .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
i am very pleased with it so far .
and have returned both .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy it .
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time .
they would n't repair my camera unless if i pay $ 100 for parts ? and labor !
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take my holiday plane rides .
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .
this camera has canon 's great colorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data .
after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available .
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem .
once i got home with it i had to first install creative mediasource and figure out how it transferred files to the player .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
this phone is a winner ...
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks .
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
they will not respond to my emails ( promised turnaround time is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy .
and we all know about the rush to market on new products .
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library .
