the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however it compromises a bit of the unit 's size in doing so .
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .
if you do n't believe me on that , check the consumer reports review as well as the many digital camera review sites out there .
i am going to have so much fun with this camera and when i learn more i will post a more accurate review .
that way i could keep it in the case all the time .
sure enough there is no such ability .
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , i used to own ) .
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
the menus are easy to navigate and the buttons are easy to use .
many reviewers say the faceplate simply did n't fit well so they returned the zen .
audio is excellent .
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
i tried to play the song three times , with no success .
maybe it 's good for tvs with not so good color settings , but not good for my tv that already has very vibrant pictures .
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
another point of note : the battery life is incredible !
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
sheesh ! !
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
i recently bought the nomad jukebox zen xtra , and did n't even get as far as charging the battery .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
you do take your chances with this phone .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
one thing i should note is that i have only had this product for one day , so there are many options i have not explored .
however , the ad-2600 does n't have this feature ( for now ) .
the standard battery include with the g3 is a camcorder battery that will allow me to take pictures all day without worrying about charging .
unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is " player either not connected or busy . "
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
my biggest complaint is the battery life or lack there of .
so if you use your card reader ; copy images - you got to onceagain open them through their software to put the date ; time .
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .
after charging my card for the camera and for expedited shipping , 5 business days later , they still had n't shipped the product .
( i 'm starting to think that this may just be one of the weaknesses of all digital photography at this level . )
it is generally overpriced a little bit but you get what you are paying for .
i made an additional five attempts at creating a playlist , before packing the unit up and heading over to amazon 's product return page .
started ripping and transferring .
everyone who says i can ' t buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used it extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
but i did n't because i 'm used to electronic products having a 12 month warranty .
on an average , you would charge it once a week .
i cant do anything about it , and i have to send back .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
5 for " digital film " it uses compact flash cards , which are easy to find , cheap , reliable and supported by many other devices you may have at hoome .
so far , we 've only used this player a few times to watch movies and it has worked fine .
if you cant get great pics from this camera its because you havent read the manual .
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
here 's why :
only used for 3 month before it 's down !
this camera is closest to perfect than any other digicam that is 4-5 megapixel .
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
i 'm very glad i did .
the value , name , and resolution signed the lease .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but can not be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
the camera comes with a lexar 16mb starter card , which stores about 10 images in fine mode at the highest resolution , i intend to buy a bigger card soon .
i would expecct the card to hold over 200 pictures for size of 1.2 mb/per .
i have read a lot of the reviews and my phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
when it arrives , you press the shutter release .
it 's a dedicated music playing device , anyway , so this serves it better .
it 's just easier for me since i can make on the fly adjustments .
do n't get fooled by the 5 megapixel marketing hype .
i am averaging 4.5 mb per song , to give you an idea of how many songs you can get by the amount of memory .
there are funny little ridges on the dvd that look like the slice of a tree trunk !
again , though , it has only been used sparingly .
if the music had been on my home computer , the transfer would have been accomplished very quickly .
the comments i 've read about having problems with this dvd player all seem to stem from pushing the incorrect buttons on the dvd remote.for instance , pushing the button to play pal ( european type ) movies , when an ntsc ( usa type ) movie disk is in the disk tray .
i did buy separate headphones as other have recommended .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .
the pc quickly picked up on it and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
for those of you using a mac in os x + there is no twain utility to download your pics directly into photoshop .
i am using musicmatch to rip & catalog ( and if i choose , download ) music ;
your child is going to do a cannonball off the diving board , so you compose the shot and wait for your moment .
i would replace them with some better sounding and more comfortable phones .
any possible problems should be weighed against the bang-for-the-buck factor , along with the fact that companies like apex seldom have good after-sale support .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
none of these are perfect .
a good choice could be cf type ii , microdrives that can store around 1 gb of images .
excellent idea !
the 6610 has the radio function which is utterly useless .
and have returned both .
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe .
you would then have a phone number in that country and not have to pay for international roaming in that country .
at my heaviest usage , i must recharge after 3 days .
the reason it does not get 5 stars
now i know better .
3 ) it does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect it to your computer , like some players
5 ) handle the player with care - it is not meant to be dropped .
bummer as it has great sound quality .
i have to rip everything as a 160 kbps wma file ( as opposed to 128 kbps mp3 ) to avoid hearing digital garbling .
using the remote control , press the i/p button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
really quiet .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda wolla .
here were my requirements in a digital camera :
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc. ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
but once in a while , i run up against it 's major flaw :
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens tigt and cause potential damage .
and no t-zones .
therefore , if you wanted to travel abroad and pop in a local sim card , even if you unlock the phone , there is no way you can use the local wap browser or internet .
the more i work with it , the more i love it !
it was either the 40gb ipod or this one .
i have n't checked the resilience of my xtra yet , and do n't plan to .
clearly a large lawsuit if i were so inclined .
otherwise feedback seems to be good .
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
grandma in church quiet .
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones .
i currrently have service with t-mobile , verizon , and t-mobile .
it takes great pictures .
im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button !
yes , the ipod looks in tune with the carefully articulated urban-hipster persona thats become popular as of late , but sure-as-hell is n't worth the $ 200 premium ( unless you are just dying to match your music player with that volkswagen beetle and urban outfitters wardrobe ) .
this is the second apex dvd player i 've had - and the last .
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .
however , for a $ 600 - $ 800 budget , i think this camera is an excellent choice .
i 'd highly recommend this camera for anyone who is looking for excellent quality pictures and a combination of ease of use and the flexibility to get advanced with many options to adjust if you like .
if you have the money and need 40 gb , this is the player for you .
its great .
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid it if you know nothing about computers .
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
as said before this works perfectly .
just imagine if you place a bit of knowledge when you take your photos .
for the price and features it is really good .
you have to add all the songs to a play list .
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
if you arent hooked up to cddb to get the album info i guess you have to manually input the stuff , but that little work will save you looking for songs .
nice camera but does n't take as sharp as pictures i thought they would , and again .
i 'm sure that this camera has all the wonderful features that others talk about .
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch widescreen dvd 's to normal .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead which is brilliant and you can twist around too .
this is a great camera for you !
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast !
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
crappy headphones .
i received this as a gift for christmas .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for them on the nomad .
i 've owned 6 or 7 dvd players since 1998 .
they sell an adapter unit to use with your car 's cassette deck .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
we also looked at the fuji fps602 .
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening !
it 's easy for beginners to use , but has features that more serious photographers will love , so it 's an excellent camera to grow into .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
it plays all my back-ups , + or - , and everything else i have put in it without a hick up .
really happy with this little camera .
it did have scored over all other competitors ....
only one disk played through to completion successfully .
so i 'm screwed .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is it gets hurt .
you can use the scene modes , or fine tune the options , i. you can change the iso level , shutter speed , etc .
2 . most mp3 players have a gap between the end of one track and the start of the next ; it 's annoying in music that is intended to be continuous .
it is a little cumbersome to scroll through so many levels to get to the selection you want .
the way to fix this is to rename the track by adding a number yourself to the end of the track listing .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
i use a 128mb card , and usually get around 70 to 100 pics 1024-1280 res . , with good resolution .
the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any .
the pictures are fabulous and their is a ( short ) learning curve to it ; there are tons of features i have n't even gotten to .
a dock is unnecessary as the charger and usb cable do the necessary .
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus . for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , do n't bother , this is a much better buy .
i am willing to overlook it 's problems to get superior sound quality and low price , although i feel the player has a lot of room for improvement .
i called nokia tech support and they blamed microsoft .
most people probably wanted the ipod before realizing that a vast array of full-featured viable alternatives exist .
a 256 mb player ( roughly 60 songs for me ) is about x amount of dollars but a 30 gb ( 30,000 mb ) player ( roughly 6,650 songs ) sells for only slightly more .
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .
yes , all cameras except g3 were 5mp but i was looking for a lot more than just megapixel power .
the software installed flawlessly and without any problems on my windows 2k machine .
settings for just about everything , beautiful pics and beautiful prints .
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you .
i wanted a decent sized camera with a contour for my fingers to hold it steadily .
with the nomad explorer software , songs should be drag-and-drop .
definetely a great camera .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software .
recently , i attended a " flyball " competition
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you 've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on , but this is good because the face does n't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
i am using kingston 512mb cf which works great and is very fast .
9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time .
very comfortable camera , easy to use , and the best digital photos you 're going to get at this price .
i would have given a 3 to 5 star review in my first few weeks , depending on how mad i felt about the crummy software .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
all reviews i 've seen seem to indicate that the creative mp3 jukeboxes have the best sound quality of these 2nd generation jukeboxed ( ipod , archos , dell , samsung ) .
i bought this product from amazon .
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say they can .
if you dont get video back , now you can run the player over with your car !
do not buy this player .
the flap completely covers the screen because there is no window to see it .
it may have taken several years to fill this up .
the title says it all ...
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can ' t keep up with demands .
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone .
the software comes with plenty of defaults genres .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that 's where you should go . . .
i am still trying to resolve the problem with the second one .
photos had some artifacts and noise .
a minor quibble , since most cameras on the market still only include the 8mb cards .
lastly , you can not manage anything on the ipod itself .
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .
naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable .
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
they got the best lens adapter for the g3-better than canon 's .
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .
these things may get a lot better in the future , but from what i 've seen in the last few years , the technology for digital cameras is n't advancing at the pace of pc 's , phones and hard drives .
i bought this to replace an expensive ( $ 300 + ) onkyo dvd player that quit after only 3 years !
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .
redchair software makes nice software that allows you to do everything you would want to and more !
c. i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
this is a big plus for those who a shifting to digital and the g3 's large mobile screen helps with this .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
the software has n't been a hassle for me at all .
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
it was worth a shot -- too bad it did n't work out .
yes it is 56k speed , but the functionality is what you are paying for .
it also has an optical out , which it should .
- equipment included is average , but that is n't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .
but who wants the wires involved .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
i hate apex but love amazon , and i tell everyone .
after having had my heart broken by a sexy piece of hardware that simply would n't perform .
for those who have this metz flash ( or the 45cl-3 ) and would like to get the absolute ultimate quality out of this g3 , the metz module you need is the sca 3102 and the connector cord is the sca 3000c .
the player controls are too easy to hit accidentally .
the built-in camera they offer these days is more of kids stuff .
i got mine for $ 160 less than the ipod 30gb ( got an extra $ 30 off for applying for an amazon visa ... thanks amazon ! )
feels solid in hand .
i have not yet discovered the internet features yet , which i will be doing soon .
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes !
it can be a point-and-shoot camera , but if you do not intend to " get into " it 's finer features , i 'd suggest a less enthusiast featured choice .
4 it has optional lenses like wide angles and extra zooms .
within a year , there are problems with my menu dial knob .
plays them all .
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod !
now heres the stuff you should know starting with the good things : the screen is really big and the blue light in the back is perfect , fast as hell in music transfer , controls are easy to use after mastering the scroll button , great sound and ive heard many mp3 players , a ton of different equilizer type deals on here .
for more , you sacrifice weight and size : more optical zoom requires more glass and focal length .
this gap allowed the front panel to fly off after barely being touched .
the regular mode in this camera works for 80 % of settings .
feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products .
door broke after a month .
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
i have n't figured out if this is the case for all the songs on itunes .
this effect is increased when one buys and uses a telephoto doubler .
you can always spend more money to get a better one .
i ended up sending the unit back to amazon .
do not buy this product or any apex product unless you are looking to be frustrated and lose money !
wish it included somebody to re-rip all the songs .
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from my computer , and then transfer them to a friend 's .
as a portable player , it should feel a bit more durable .
the other reviewers have clearly pointed all the good things about this camera , which i do agree .
four megapixels is great .
one complaint ... the screen is too easily scratched !
this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it .
i am very pleased with this product and the price to match and have n't had any problems .
but for now it appears that this player does n't play well with itunes .
bought this player after reading the reviews here which identify it as reading most formats including dvd + rw 's and vcd 's .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
i wish the camera had a higher optical zoom so that i could take better wildlife photos .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file names that include artist and ( especially ) album names in addition to track names .
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .
this thing , while looking pretty cool , is not as sexy as the ipod .
and then you will start to belive them .
this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can ' t go wrong .
what a disappointment .
because of the large capacity of the nomad , owners can load hundreds of cds on to it .
takes excellent photos .
it was impossible to do so before .
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with the larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you 'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
so , i recomend it , but not for those that have any hearing troubles , or for those that like to talk a lot in crowded public places ( which is annoying , by the way . )
so rule of thumb , no matter what you end up buying , get the extended warranty !
that was a mistake .
i have had it lock up after a transfer of music .
yet they 've gotten rid of most of the languages that should be in the phone , including italian , german , and dutch .
you see , i can ' t rank the product since the merchant that amazon is collaborating with ( j and r camera . ) to bring us consumers better choices never sent me the product .
- uploading music is quick and easy .
i have it for a week now , and this camera has exceeded my expectations .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
whatever you do , do n't buy this product .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
you can read the other reviews for specs and performance opinions .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
i tried re-setting it , i tried just about every pair of headphones in my house ( 10 pairs ) , and nothing worked .
4 . and , of course , i wanted a respected brand and had to stay within my budget because i had bought an expensive camcorder before but had n't used it much .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
maybe i 'll get lucky with the next one .
pay a few more bucks and get something else - it 'll be worth it in the long run .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
when the previous versions of the zens were shipped with musicmatch , people had this problem because musicmatch creates both sets of tags , which seem to confuse the zen xtra .
most of the dvds i was trying were fairly new and were in great condition .
i agree with previous posts that you get what you pay for .
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
i am really impressed by this dvd player .
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy it much more .
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .
in that too , there is n't a direct way to add date ; time - you got to say ' print images ' to a different directory in which there is an option to specify the date ; time .
you are better off deleting it , re-ripping it with the new title and then transferring it to the player .
any disadvantages are easily outweighed by its advantages .
i have an apex ad600 for a few years now which still works great today .
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that it can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
the less computer-saavy might find apple 's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend 's house and it does do a lot more for you . )
and i let my kids shoot as many pics as they want , let them review them on the camera and just print the good ones ( which are not many ) .
after i reviewed the manual ( a pdf file included on the cd ) , i felt better because they warned you about the message and said it would n't cause problems and , in fact , it has n't .
a nikon will make you happier and leave you lots of good memories , as always .
i purchased two of these players for christmas gifts , and both were bad .
i received the apex ad-2600 before i expected .
i think it fell right on the earphone plug when it fell ( murphy strikes again ) .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
the optical zoom is awesome , and the viewfinder reflects the settings of the zoom .
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can ' t store it permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc .
i do n't want to install software and drivers on every computer i 'm ever at .
( did i mention you can actually change the battery ? hello ? apple ? are you listening ? )
strengths are well listed by other reviewers .
so it was no loss .
10 great price for all the features .
now i can transport files to friends house with ease .
here 's something you have to know before you considering about buying this one .
i have several tv shows on dvd so they are divided by episode .
i did n't even try the included software .
- large easy readable screen
still , had to send it back to nikon for repair .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stopaction photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
therefore im saying im returning it right now , and i will see wat happens with my next zen xtra ( same replacement ) .
i am quite happy having over 10 gigs of music stored on this baby as well as a few gigs of media files in the data folder .
if this doesnt bring back the picture , try pressing this button without playing a dvd .
it referred to a " microsoft jet database engine " error and the install program suggested i download a service pack from the ms website to fix the problem ;
anyone looking for more than " point and shoot " can make a huge step up for a moderate price difference .
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had it for 3 days .
read the directions !
the downside -
as it stands now , the case is pretty useless unless you 're packing the player up for travel , or if you load up all your songs beforehand .
only owned it about two weeks so i expect we 're looking at getting another progressive scan dvd player of higher quality very soon .
they would n't repair my camera unless if i pay $ 100 for parts ? and labor !
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
it still fits in the palm of your hand , and it 's not heavy .
1 no direct firewire to the camera .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack .
the other company is currently " out of stock " so i ordered another from amazon and will be taking the original back to the competitor today .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
i also had it happen when recording a jazz set where there were a number of outtakes of the same song without numbering them separately .
that does n't leave me with a good feeling about its future stability .
how did this gigantic flaw go unnoticed by creative ?
like most people , i do n't want to read the instructions , i just want to use it .
so . . .
there was neither picture nor sound .
i am not talking milliseconds .
but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in " auto " mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it !
after os froze twice on me in the subway i returned the jukebox .
personally i like the samsung phones better because i found myself liking the flip phones so much more .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of my remaining cds to mp3 .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 " monitor .
ipod clearly has the most buzz .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
by the way my alias dvds are legit too not no bootleg from the internet .
what is up .
you have to manually take the cap off in order to use it .
this camera will stay with me for years !
through the software you can classify songs in genres .
first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most aesthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder structure .
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .
the scroll button seems ok , i have no problems with it .
2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . "
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .
there 's a noticeable difference in the quality of a 4 megapixel image versus the 2 megapixels of the s330 , especially if you want to crop and enlarge the pictures .
i think the ipod versus zen typifies differences between apple and win machines .
like the zen , the karma does not support folders and is not designed to be a data storage device .
i think the sound quality of this phone is slightly better than my samsung phone , the motorolla t720 series , and the sony ericsson t610 series .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and i experince mega-static , to the point where i 'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
from the other reviews i 've read , it sounds like that wo n't be the end of my troubles .
the nokia , samsung and the sony phones can all last for 3 days provided you do n't talk too much .
size - bigger than the ipod
i did quite a bit of research before buying this camera , and this one had everything i was looking for .
i bought 2 of this model for christmas presents and neither one of them work !
i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20 usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing .
it 's really a shame , because otherwise , creative mp3 players are very good , and have the best sound quality of any players on the market .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
so consider what you 're going to use the device for .
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
a big plus in my book .
let 's face it - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture .
i 'm giving this player cautious recommendation .
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ) .
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in them .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
the phone 's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with me became attractive .
i refuse to buy anything made by apple and the nomad is about $ 200 cheaper anyway .
not only is it the perfect size ( not too small , not too large ) , it also has all the features a high-tech phone user would want .
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with its cheap feel .
the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and wo n't believe i returned it .
it goes nicely with my apex 27 " in my bedroom .
not good if you 're taking this traveling .
you will be told goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex codes but they will not work .
i paid twenty dollars more than the current price , and even then it was a steal .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
i do want to mention too that it is certainly worthwhile to read the instruction manual that comes with the unit .
i just got screwed out of fifty bucks .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
i also got a ur-e 4 step down ring adapter , lc-e 900 lens cap , and the nikon 28 mm filter set .
i am a long-time user of highly responsive film slrs and professional quality external flash equipment , just so you know my bias .
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
this dvd play is basicly junk .
based on the cameras features and about dozen online reviews , this one seemed like the best all round deal .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for me is the voice recognition .
save your cash - go for a brand that actually cares about their reputation .
the storage capacity is great for me --
you will have a very expensive paperweight .
the gprs connection is sometimes slow , and writing instant messages with the included aol instant messenger software is a pain , but the other t-zones applications are quite useful .
the keys are laid out normal so there is no guessing .
i was going to get a 10gb ipod , but after looking at the 10 day warranty for ipod and www.ipodsdirtysecret.com ( battery lasts 18 months ;
especially useful with portraits and difficult-to-meter situations .
the t610 can also compose music , a feature which most wo n't use .
in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered .
this one was rated very high by several people check out this site and epinions.com .
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
when i turned eax back on the static was also not present .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers .
what made this product so great to me was the open source os called rockbox . . .
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies .
anyway , the initial impression is much better than when i opened the box on the 1100 over a year ago - you can telll that apex is trying harder to improve their product .
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
do n't get me wrong , the thing was like heaven for about a week .
if creative offered a 12-month warranty on their mp3 players , i 'd be covered .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
i decided to save the $ $ and opted for the zen xtra ... and i was not disappointed .
i got this phone in t-mobile 's current customer retention program for very little money and no contract renewal .
1 ) price / gb of storage
do yourself a favor and save your money to get something of better quality , or at least works .
i would recomend that you purchase a lexar media cf for the camera as the sandisk card that comes packaged is too small and too slow !
in the end this is the one that we decided upon and since have never had buyer 's remorse .
could not stop it , could not get out of the " now playing " screen .
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can ' t avoid that .
i just bought the camera a few days ago .
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon . never knew i could love a digital camera so much .
of all these phones the motorolla and the sony ericsson phones are the smallest .
other plusses : changable battery , loads of presets for environments , decent construction , still quite small and light despite being slightly bigger than an ipod .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
it 's slightly lighter than the g2 and packed with even more features .
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly
with our compact 35 mm broken , and a vacation in europe at hand , i finally decided to enter the digital age .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
you have to skip to the next track when your hated song comes up with the ipod .
3 ) you must press the play button and hold it for a couple of seconds otherwise it will not work and you will think the whole unit is broken .
the canon allows you to change lenses , and it accepts the ibm microdrive ( type ii compact flash ) , so you can have up to 1 gigabyte of storage .
1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , " dad ! somethings wrong with the dvd player ! come quick ! "
it sends discoutinous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .
i 've been looking to buy a digital camera for a long time and v = finally decided that now was the time .
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
the only good thing about this whole process , is that im getting like a 34 dollar amount back , because of the price difference between when i bought it , and now .
the only complaint seems to be that the disk rotation is slow , leading to longer delays in some functions ( playback and even a slow display of the menu ? ) .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
a tons of reveiws has reported this problem and the same here .
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .
have tried calling ( 866-4apexgo ) , but can ' t get through .
working for 10 hours with it on " shuffle " totally rocks ! !
i have taken hundreds of photos with it and i continue to be amazed by their quality .
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ) .
you can also create your own if you do n't like their classifications .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
here 's a basic run-down from what i learned :
the devices competing with the ipod are the iriver ihp 120 , the rio karma , and the philips hdd100 .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
so if you have xp , be prepared for this and do n't be alarmed .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
and then it just froze and now i 'm out $ 300 for their piece of junk .
it did also seem to have a strong " new electronics " smell for some time .
i 'd always eyed the nokia phones and had heard decent things about t-mobile , so i gave it a whirl .
would be really good if they have given an option to stop this autofocussing .
this bumpy is wicked groovy .
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .
in terms of the shots taken , this camera is insanely great !
i shopped around for a while before buying a hard-drive mp3 player .
you can find any song quicky by an artist , album , or genre search .
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves .
in terms of the important accessories , i got myself an the extra litium battery .
cameras capture moments .
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .
also , i downloaded the latest firmware upgrade and software updates .
some feature i could turn on or off , or some attachment i could get .
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
card reader is included .
but because a few fine men and women took the time to create the upstanding rockbox software , the archos became a top notch player for me with intuitive features out the wazoo . . .
yes the included earphones suck but everyone replaces them anyway .
do n't let my five star rating fool you .
the price is way below an ipod of the same size .
also bought a soundblaster card that they sold for the mac .
it defaulted to unchangeable email .
it is extremely light and dissapears in your pocket .
you might think you are saving money by buying an apex but in the long run you will spend more .
the zen nx is $ 100 cheaper than the ipod of the same size , so you have to wonder just how much apple 's markup is anyway !
i do n't use the vibration , because it is often easier to hear it vibrate then to feel it .
there 's a dent on the upper-back-right and lower-back-right corners ... not too obvious unless you 're up close .
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when my warrenty expires .
- since i wrote the review above in january 2003 , i still love this camera .
i can ' t write enough positive things about this great little camera !
nearly 4000 songs went up in smoke .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
however , the music and data are apparently not separated ; ipod reviewers complain about " white noise " in random feedback mode that comes from appointments / contacts created on the ipod during synchronization .
eax on : 6 hours eax off : 8.5 hours
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
playlists can be made on the fly , without aid of a computer , and you can use play modes like shuffle and repeat for your ' now playing ' selections or playlists .
the buttons are easy to use , and its easy to navigate .
seems to read most dvds fine , and reads quietly ( i had a pioneer player that had fairly loud disc spin noise ) .
my fiance just did n't like the way it felt in her hands .
i chose the canon speedlite 420 .
i bought a 512 mb card , which seems to hold about 400 photos at the highest resolution .
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
not just the transfer software ( which was a hellishly horrible experience ) but also the player 's software .
i waited a few years between phones , mostly because ( like most i think ) i didnt really need one .
the second problem is solved by more direct lighting from the metz ( with the attendant shadows unfortunately ) .
i was surprised by t-mobile 's service .
after about a minute of trying to tell me that most people use the lcd and not the view finder , they finally admitted , it was a design flaw in the camera .
one thing that i found out recently is that you do n't need t-zones from tmobile to go online .
it 'll take 10-15 business days for them to decide form when they get it .
minor complaints : 1 ) even though the music is sorted via id3 tag on the player , the option to search for music contained in a folder is unavailable .
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .
i have always known nokia to provide me with good games on their phones .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
the moveable lcd screen is great .
this is my first digital camera .
anybody can explain that ?
when plugged in , it does n't lag the computer like the archos did ... unless you are doing a massive transfer of data in one load .
needless to say , i would n't recommend anyone purchasing this product .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad .
great job canon !
however for me , i occasionally use the view finder and trying to frame in a picture with the lens blocking the view is too much .
the voice quality is very good , and it gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
+ you can have different kind of lens if you want + flashes , etc .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
the software is not good either and the driver has trouble working with other sound blaster products , which is very dumb .
however , indoor pictures of subjects more than a few feet away can be blurry or grainy .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
( throw a cell phone and you 're asking for trouble . ) 3a .
the only way to recover is to plug the power cord and go into recovery mode .
i upgraded to a 6610 at my local t-mobile store .
if you are looking for an outstanding camera that can take you from simple to complex , this is it .
there is an alarm , i still havent used it yet , but it should be good .
i should point out that the new rio karma is now down to about $ 280 and is reviewed readily as being as good as ( and better in some areas ) the ipod .
i 've tried someone elses and the same thing happens .
every phone experience has started with a very brief time on hold followed by a cheerful representative answering the phone .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
i just used the explorer program to move my songs to my player .
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
the vibrate setting is loud !
i 'm concerned that with the easily removed lens cap , i may damage the lens .
navigating through the menus is super easy , especially if you have owned a previous model nokia phone .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on it ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
i purchased it for it 's easy ability to accept cd-r hacks .
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
i suppose that you could jog with it but it seems to be made for the enjoyment of music .
i wanted it to shoot concerts as well .
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
maybe creative will come out with a better design , although it will be hard for me and its other customers to trust it again .
the aff feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
did i mention i 've already dropped it once ?
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra !
it 's going back today , &#38; being replaced with the new samsung x105 .
why i do n't can this product without a plan ?
a 64mb flash card camera comes with a 16mb holds 52 pictures on " normal " resolution .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great !
i looked into buying an inexpensive dvd player that had more than the standard set of features and this item seemed to be the best in that category .
guess where this unit is headed ?
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .
i wound up buying a gray card and use it all the time with the custom white-balance setting .
i have been trying for over a week to contact apex .
the screen 's large and easily read .
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .
one of the best cell phones i have ever used to-date .
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and that was about 950 songs .
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
this provides added protection for the camera lens and allows the use of filters .
i replaced it with this not-quite-so-dazzling , but definitely more functional device .
i love my new nomad , its great !
a great new use for that underutilized computer .
at the same time i purchased this camera i also bought adobe 's photoshop elments 2.0 software , and can ' t praise it highly enough .
if you have to buy a camera on a buget , this has got to be the one .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic .
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .
way less expensive than the ipod .
i 've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they 're shocked i can use it .
i quickly discovered that the nomad was n't going to work for me .
hope i 've been of some help .
the software was great , as long as you have an adminstrative user account ( windows xp ) .
unless you want to print murals , you do n't need it .
unlike my 3 other mp3 players , this thing will only work properly if you have id3 tags on all of your tracks .
i uploaded the drivers and new software in 15 minutes - no crashes or problems .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
i 'm pay in auto-debit in my account .
no way to contact their customer service .
it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves .
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
navigation is a bit tricky and takes getting used to but the included pdf instructions cover the operation pretty well .
you can take pictures with the camera held above your head , way down , or beside you with no problem , allowing you to position the camera for the best shot without contorting yourself .
to summarize , i am using the creative zen as a mobile device ;
but for $ 49.99 go get one !
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
easy to use , small form factor , and looks good to boot .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
* lens visible in optical viewfinder .
8 . perhaps inspired by the canon 's factory white-correction settings ( which were found lacking and had to be altered by a user before the white edges from buildings etc could be cleaned out ) , the g3 has much sharper white offsets .
for an early christmas gift , i got a zen xtra 40 gb player .
2 ) scroll button / switch
the i/p button switches the tv display between interlace and progressive .
i had an olympus digital camera before and it was nothing compared to this .
4 an ac adapter for powering the camera while the battery 's out is not included , although one can be purchased separately .
obviously there is no composite video output and different analog audio signals at progressive scan mode .
i like the automatic key lock function .
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i do n't figure out a way to break it .
some may complain that there 's no drag-and-drop capability , but what they should realize is that this is mainly a portable music player , not a computer accessory or hard drive .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
i definately recommend a large memory card .
the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead .
some of the great gains over g2 --
great price .
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .
got a great deal from a reputable seller .
this was an awesome player , before the video output no longer worked ( after about 3 weeks ) .
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
update : january 27th 2004 - the second one crapped out only after a week - dont buy this product !
perhaps because of its smaller user base there is also a lack of accessories .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
i 'd look elsewhere .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
the camera has a wonderful set of features .
like many others , i had not abused the product , and had tried to take care of it .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of it , both here and in other places .
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .
at this time , i decided to turn the player on , and much to my surprise it comes with quite the little library of classical music , one of which is a childhood favorite , bach 's air .
i have n't used any of them since i got the g3 .
i 'd like a camera phone , but i 'd rather have a phone than a toy that takes pictures but makes no calls ...
none of these features are available because of the ipod 's 1-way transfers - you can not make changes on the ipod that are premanent .
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange .
before they are sold out !
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can ' t be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
installed software .
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
win software can be a little cranky , but much more easier to customize to your needs .
perhaps there is a tone of irony in the title of my review , but i actually mean it in earnest .
you need your computer , however , if you want to add tracks to a playlist .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
a few of my work constituants owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
i did everything i could , and it took many days of frustration before concluding that the only way to transfer to pc is with the card reader .
i should have looked at it harder .
( good going , amazon ) .
the results are shadow-free images that look as if theyve been exposed with the gentlest natural light you could imagine .
it is a bit cumbersome , and i can ' t get to the songs i want as quickly .
i plan on buying a second battery and a larger cf for it .
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
i bought this only to have it break within a month .
he spent another half hour on the phone with tech support , to no avail .
if you have any multi-disc box sets , you 'll notice that the artist 's name , album name , and genre will often change with every disc .
save money on the long run - buy something decent once instead of buying cheap every month .
i highly recommend a nokia 6610 .
very easy to use .
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .
" you can send it in , but i would n't count on ever seeing it or a replacement again .
i had apex regular ( non-progressive ) dvd-player for two years .
ease of use :
i will never go back to my archos again ! !
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division .
structurally , everything is secure and it wo n't fall apart on you .
almost there .
it is connected to an old television set via composite video and analog audio outputs .
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n't the only one this happened to . )
print those coupons twice for two phones ?
i would rate this is 4.5 stars picture quality ; image size defined above are specific to nikon coolpix .
construction quality is a difficult item .
i only wish you could get high quality tiff images at all resolutions , but does n't seem any of the buget cameras do .
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
my next thought was that the dvd must be damaged .
2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19 mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
i will just say this :
it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten .
i bought the zen xtra 30g as a gift .
if you 're intrested in buying a spare battery it 'll run you another $ 50 , a little steep i thought .
review of zen xtra - 40 gb
for example , jimi hendrix 's 2 cd live at the fillmore east had one cd classifed as classic rock and the other psychidelic rock .
i have a dvd burner .
the rio karma feedback suffers from sensitivity in the hard disk .
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
so i had to give up and return it , having lost about 4 hours .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
4 ) usb 2.0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! ) .
you got to have flash ' on ' to get it eventhough your room is well lit
only if we could get one camera in it . .
the appearance is okayed ( at least not ugly ) .
works great !
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
although i tried contacting amazon to see if they can do anything , the replies i got were inept as if they had n't taken time to read the complaint .
there is n't need to get in details again , but just remember it rocks because : price , sound , ease of use , and features .
this player is an overall disappointment with a couple of big flaws that potential buyers should be wary of ; and all readers need to know about a third party software company that resolves virtually all of the creative mediasource file transfer issues .
while the listing process is accurate for track names ( unlike windows ' reliance on the amg , which frequently gets track listings out of order ) , the results can be odd .
otherwise , it is difficult to figure out and awkward .
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that 's where my thumb is when i hold the thing !
sure it 's " old school " to carry a cd wallet around , but it will be easier to manage and i 'll save around 250 bucks .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
what more can you ask for from a $ 40 dvd player ?
also , when i installed the software , it said that windows xp had n't approved something with the drivers , etc - and that continuing it install may cause instability .
does n't always register push-button movement .
on my relatively new computer ( p4 with windows xp and usb 2.0 ) , the os complained about the installation of the drivers .
( wo n't leave copy on your computer . )
it is light weight , sleek and attractive .
it 's light weight enough to take with you everywhere , but powerful enough to get outstanding pix .
to get back to the menu of the dvd you have to press " menu " on the remote while the dvd is playing .
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
i bought this last week through amazon .
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of my messages and return info .
wow . . .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
2 ) not very ergonomical - you 'll find even for a point-and-shoot lens )
it 's not a big deal for me .
you just have to use the lcd viewfinder to see the whole picture .
you have to press the buttons hard and frequently i end up pressing enter when i meant to scroll .
nice little phone ... light compact . .
- no propietary headset jack
the navigation is nice enough , but scrolling and searching through thousands of tracks , hundreds of albums or artists , or even dozens of genres is not conductive to save driving .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
in a quick summation , here is what i found .
nothing but hassle with this company .
by pressing p/n , you should be able to get a good picture on the screen .
get the canon 850 printer and an ex flash .
i 'm not sure why people have problems with either the interface of the nomad , or the software that comes with the unit .
when i turned eax off the static disappeared .
but after trying many adjustments , the camera remains unresponsive when compared to any film-based camera .
what a big improvement ... lol ) and the fact that lots of people have had problems with ipods on windows computers , i realized this is a much better buy .
- the cover that came with it did n't fit very well
but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability .
unfortunately it can ' t play all of the dvd .
even better , with the optional headset you can listen to music over the integrated radio .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , the only thing this player has done consistantly is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
ipod has no stop button ; when new users mention this ipod veterans call it " unnecessary " and " so 20th century " .
i love the quality of the pictures .
i would recogmend this player to anyone i know , and you will not be dissapointed .
it looks great - and is loaded with features .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
you can even skip that step and rip them directly from the cd to the player .
it worked good for a while .
i bought my nikon coolpix4300 about a week ago .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
i find it pretty easy to use ... and unlike the remote interface for the audigy 2 nx ( on the pc ) . . .
if you are buying a zen xtra check whether the battery recharges via usb ; it does not on the zen nx .
and finally , get your pictures developed at a kodak picture maker machine even though it costs you a little extra - no one can beat kodak processing in terms of clarity and brightness .
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows mediaplayer , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cddb service ( gracenotes ) .
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
on the subject of headphones , this thing seems like a normal mp3 player when you use the headphones they give you in the box , but invest 30 dollars in a nice pair and the sound quality goes up through the roof !
i bought this camera because it fit my budget and the pre-production and production model reviews were positive .
the nomad is sent back to creative labs .
some things that i did n't like ( but hey . nothing is perfect ) .
thank you !
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
touchups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .
after reading all the glowing review on this camera , i went to my local camera shop to try one .
pass this player up , and never believe the reviews on a product right before christmas !
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it 's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
i am going to have to try an online download and see if that works .
it took maybe 15 minutes to transfer 1000 songs .
when the player was working it was great , but .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
thanks for nothing , amazon !
overall , a very disappointing product .
i 'm starting to listen to cd 's that i have n't listened to in years now that i have them all handy in one place .
+ takes sharp 5mp photo 's , has great features and relatively easy to use .
very happy !
what a mistake !
so far the player froze on me once ( i started pushing buttons before it loaded ) but since is hard drive based - you have to expect that .
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
i considered this phone ( nokia 6610 ) , mainly because of my sister and the features .
i wanted something that is able to take high quality photos but not be so bulky that i would wind up leaving it at home all the time .
simple to use and hook up .
now i dont have to lug around 80 cds if i dont know what i 'm going to want to listen to biking home .
i can hand this to anyone and know they will take some great photos !
resources : http://www.nomadworld.com , http://www.nomadness.net
further , the xtra doubles the maximum filecount capacity to 16000 mp3 .
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
and so i must ask , what are cameras for ?
because this camera is beautiful .
i do n't think i will ever use the full 30gb .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .
it is transferes a song in about 2 seconds .
there are n't many reviews for the iriver ihp .
almost half what an ipod would cost you !
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
i 've been using a powershot s330 for nearly a year , and wanted to upgrade to a 4 or 5 megapixel camera with a longer zoom , more adjustability , a hot shoe for an external flash , and a remote control .
the player looked good right out of the box , offering lots of features and good styling .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an " auto " mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use .
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
the scroll bar is a bit of a pain .
i took great care of the screen , till i realized that the part that might get scratched is part of the cover .
this is possible ! !
i am looking forward to my vegas trip for some great photographs now .
awful , awful , awful .
it was always after it finished a process or something , so it did n't cause any file errors .
i dropped it from the couch , landed on carpet and the cover and battery flew out .
since the front plate is removable to access the battery compartment , aftermarket alternate covers would not be difficult or expensive to make .
buy this camera , you wo n't regret it .
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .
as some other reviewers noted , after it was connected to the computer for a bit , it somehow stopped reading the player so i had to replug it .
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
bought two ad2600 's for christmas .
not all the time , but often enough to be a real problem .
i spent a lot of time comparing different cameras , and i realized that there is not such thing as the best digital camera .
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
7 . a new photostich software for stiching your pics into a panoramic view .
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
the sound is excellent as one would suspect from a creative product .
i love the storage in this thing .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
( looks quite neat too suggesting that canon may have , er , canonized it a bit ) .
but once youve got your exposure within an acceptable range , the g3 is shown to produce utterly stunning images that i can hardly get with my nikon f100 film camera .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can ' t get a video signal from the machine .
it looks really sleek and stylish , and does everything it claims .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
i am impressed with how easy this camera is to use .
instead , i bought the adobe photoshop camera raw plug-in .
the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend it .
i tried calling the support number for a week , several times a day , and always got a busy signal .
you can also delete songs from the player itself , and create playlists - on the fly - on your player .
no contact phone number , only eamil contact which did not respond me .
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .
you can get weather , movies , horoscopes and more with a few clicks .
* sigh .
added 2-24 .
i also purchased a good sturdy tripod : the combination of the new camera , tripod and remote control enabled me to take some remarkable indoor , natural-light portraits i never would have attempted before .
this is a camera you will need to study and use in order to fully exploit its many features .
i figure that is at least three years off , and i am getting impatient .
try to buy a high capacity ultra card , as it 's 2x as faster as the regular cf card .
the g3 had problems focusing in low light and would not take the picture when the shutter was pressed but after the shutter had been released a few seconds .
there have been other occurrences of locking , but i will not bore you with the details .
if you use software correctly , put in all the id3 tags , you will get an awesome database collection , from which you can easily access your songs .
one downside though is that autofocus does not work well when battery is low .
in all a winning combination .
no big deal for the size . .
i can not recommend it enough ! !
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
the door would not close .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid it .
the first one would n't work from the start .
i have used this phone for two months now .
i have taken about 150 photographs so far and have absolutely loved the experience .
at the very least , a sturdier more protective carrying case would be nice .
just double check with customer service to ensure the number provided by amazon is for the city / exchange you wanted .
i bought the 30gb zen xtra from a well-known national electronics store as soon as i saw they were advertising it for $ 219.99 .
the design and construction are excellent -- as is the legendary quality of the nikon optics .
so i do n't understand why it would not work with dvds that seem to have more features in them .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocably that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
the g3 looks like a work of art !
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
just for the heck of it , i took it into my dark kitchen with only indirect light coming in though the door , and the focusing was just fine .
despite the instructions insisting that the process was fairly automatic , i had to install the usb drivers and the nomad interface software manually .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button !
2 . the speed is noticeably slower than canon , especially so with flashes on .
that way i could get rid of a walkman alltogether .
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
24 hours ?
i can only hear the sound .
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ) .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy it .
hehe , my bad .
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .
" check out " !
only 1 problem , no accessories ... yet .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
at first i thought it was my headphones but it was not .
the instructions that come with it do n't explain how to make things simple .
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .
i hope i have helped you continue to enjoy the apex dvd player with these troubleshooting tips .
great camera .
so i do n't know what the previous review that could n't do more than 30 songs is talking about .
it happened to me once .
recently bought this coolpix 4300 along with a 256mb ultra flash card . as expected , i happily found that qualities of the picture are excellent with 3m-4m pixel / fine combos and many of the user-friendly functions are very similar to slr models , and with added convenience of a digital camera that you can see pictures immediately .
i just bought notmad manager ( $ 25 ) and file transfers are easy drag and drop , songs stored by id3 tags not by folders , needs to have software on computer to transfer files , no window on case ( nice case otherwise .
fm receiver - it has none .
thumbs down on that one .
i 've tried the sony s85 with the carl zeiss lens , but the pictures were too digital .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
in reality , these are the only drawbacks this camera has , much less than many other models !
the 6610 is still easier to use than the other two phones ( t610 , t720i ) .
a short range fm transmitter would be much nicer .
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
although you may think you 're dealing with amazon , you 're dealing with some second rate store that you 've never heard of .
the player works well with my sony srs-a 202 powered speakers .
made the camera totally inoperable .
i bought coolpix 4300 two months after i had bought canon powershot s400 .
as i mentioned before , the creative mediasource software is actually really robust despite what others have said , though notmad may still work better .
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
i thought it would be haggard but when i be gotted this junky i was mad happy and stuff .
what it lacks for me is n't available on one phone yet , namely gsm850 ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .
first there 's the unit itself .
i 've tried several dvd 's and even new ones do the same thing .
i want to have instant access to the volume , not have to hold down a button and have to wait a half second for the player to register it .
though we were past the deadline for returns ( by a few days ) , i contacted amazon right away and pleaded for help .
the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life .
it took me about 5 minutes before i had mastered the controls .
this does n't affect the picture , of course .
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away !
there 's no so-called background hiss that i 've noticed , at least so far .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper !
it 's easy to transfer , preview , and organize files .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works .
i can ' t fit all that resolution ( 4mp = 2272x 1704 resol . ) in my 19in flat monitor ( 1200x1024 resol . ) anyways .
having my entire music collection is great when travelling ( both on plane and car trips ) and i do n't have to decide what to bring or copy onto the player -- it 's all there .
looking at the glowing reviews from people that have had this for a week or two , i kind of wish people would wait until they 've had a product a little while to review it .
- outstanding signal reception
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
i do hope that they offer more faceplate options .
within months they stopped supporting the new mac os .
it is also one of the few electronic items that works right out of the box .
the longest that i have n't charged it was maybe 3 days and that 's turning it off every now and then .
try to buy a tripod and that should solve some of those problems .
i was willing to live with the larger size ( inconvenient on the road ) but the durability was a big zero .
if you decide to encode at 320 you will fit less on this device than someone who encodes at 128kps .
good points :
the documentation says to extend battery life , do not fill player to capacity .
i used a canon powershot s20 for about 2.5 years and loved it !
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
after using the bulky 3650 for three weeks , i searched for a smaller alternative .
we got a 256mb card , and have been hard-pressed to fill it over a weekend .
all these phones have color screens , polymorphic tones , and are internet ready .
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
granted this is cheaper than an ipod .
i 've had this player for several months and it reads most discs , but it would not recognize several discs that were clean and read on other players ( from friends season 2 ) .
on my main computer the software did not work right .
it works great .
the only creative software i am using is the device driver ( s ) .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise .
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .
at best , i 've gotten 3 hours + .
the top of the player is a thin metal piece that covers up the battery and is removable .
an extra for a back-up battery would be a good investment .
from there , you transfer files from your computer to the mp3 player ( with the help of the media sniffer . . . read the manual ) .
- excellent sound quality
finally , making playlists from the computer can be complicated because the tracks are listed individually , and are organized by cd , which are not listed but are organized in alphabetical order .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
the case had ad2600 .
unit worked great for 3 weeks then video output failed .
you 're going to need to buy new headphones , the stock ones suck
if the casing of the player is this bad , i can ' t image that the hardware is of very good quality .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
nokia has definitely won me over with this one .
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
the sound is excellent , but a tip : get a real pair of headphones .
now honestly , i love this player , but with all seriousness , i would not recommend it to other people , because of the breakdown flaw . and i honestly would not recomment the people of the ipod , that crap sucks big donkey .... . never mind .
the general button placement is not very user-friendly .
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
the g3 completely takes over controlling the duration of the metz flash , and most of the time , the exposure is spot on and when it isnt , its because youve exceeded the range of the metz flash itself .
no go on most formats .
well , it was nice while it lasted .
buyer beware ! sort your songs and adjust the titles accordingly ( maybe this applies to other players too , and not just the nomad , i do n't know ) .
i 've figured out most of its features on my own already ( because i have used digital cameras before , so i know things like symbols ) .
contrary to what ive read elsewhere , the g3 does sync at 1/250 of a second with third-party flashes , just as it does with the dedicated flashes from canon .
and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .
one bad thing is that it comes with a pitiful 32mb compactflash card , and for most purposes , it is not enough .
i bought a 256 mb cf and a second battery , so it 's good to go on a long vacation .
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .
truly , i am quite impressed . . ! !
one stopped working in february and the other in march .
i should say i have been very happy with my decision ever since .
small problem .
i was prepared to love it .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
the visceral teases include the case , the sound quality , and the capacity .
3 the picture editing software it came with is adequate , but not very robust .
the only thing i do n't like about this is the cover does suck .
had to buy my dad a different dvd player locally ( panasonic ) which worked just fine .
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .
it has many great features and very few bad ones .
i think you get what you pay for stands true .
poor quality pics , short battery life , slow time consuming uploads and printing will ruin the digital camera experience and keep you buying film .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
if you 're like me , that will definitely make you pause .
i love all of the features , and presets as well .
( 28 not 30 because software itself takes space ) .
you should update the firmware before upgrading the drivers if you decide you need the newer drivers for the pc .
now what about the flash problem ?
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
i did buy the notmad software a week ago and found that a vast improvement .
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good . . .
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
thought i 'd weigh in here with my stats .
recently i accidently washed my telephone with my laundry through two complete 18 minute wash cycles of a washing machine .
it is a beast .
the ipod uses a smaller ( and more expensive ) drive ( 1.8 " ) .
about the only legitimate criticsm from the online reviews is that fact that the lens really does obstruct the viewfinder .
not only was i was shopping for a camera that would suit my casual and artistic photographic needs , i had to keep in mind that my fiance wanted to use this camera as well .
i own another canon - an eos ( 35 mm film ) camera .
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it !
. images taken indoor were n't so clear .
unlike some of the other people who received a " lemon " , my dvd player came in perfect working condition .
it could be a little bit bigger , but it 's easy to get used to .
the software failed repeatedly .
those who have had the nomad for a few weeks are mostly thrilled with it .
this required patience as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it ( which i could do with my flash player ) .
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit me is how good the screen is .
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectis s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contructed mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
the price / performance looked just right .
anyway , im gon na go find dennis now , have a nice day ! ! !
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
( this includes the $ 20 that you have to pay up front , just to get them to look at your player . )
the technology is finally here folks , to make your photo life easier .
i compared it to the olympus c5050z , the sony dcs-f 717 and the nikon 5700 .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
one broke , one got stolen , and then i bought the riovolt sp - 350 .
you can use this camera right out of the box on the automatic setting , or slowly get comfortable with the manual settings and what they can do .
now getting back to this .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
this seemed like a really good compromise .
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! )
you should consider this when deciding what bit rate you want to use and how much you want to put on the player .
get cheaper panasonics or toshibas or even sonys .
this product is too fragile for normal use .
within 5 minutes i was able to transfer files .
no picture :
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
i 'm sending this pup back to amazon and looking for the 2500 on ebay .
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .
after i took their picture with their camera , they offered to take a picture of us .
i can only confirm what other customers have said - crap !
a 10 gb ipod is just as much and i have heard from multiple sources that the ipod is very loud and you can heard the hard drive everytime it spins , accesses files or does antyhing .
i shopped around for a month looking for a good mp3 player , and all i heard was how good the i-pod was .
after receiving my zen xtra 40gb mp3 player . . .
some of the more geeky ( non-apple type ) reviewers complain that the scrollwheel is annoying after a while and they resent being forced into this apple-like interface .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
finding a particular song ( s ) or album on the nomad jukebox is fast and easy .
5 hours max . i did it like this
my pda becames a digital album .
all the above , i think , are problems with all the digital cameras out there and so i have no major complaints .
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie lebovitz , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
making the step from film to digital has been a great move .
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibles , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .
please note that this is the first digital camera i have owned or used .
so far we have only hooked up one of them .
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
they are not wowable good .
but you do n't have to be .
i hope that amazon will let me trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
prior to christmas , it seems the reviews were very good but after that it seems the reviews went bad !
spend the extra 20 $ and buy a name brand dvd player .
the grain was terrible .
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
notmad has other features too , but this is not an advertisement so please see the company 's web site for more information ...
i got the 40gb jukebox zen xtra for christmas .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products they make .
the second lasted about two weeks before the video went out !
since the zen xtra does not use a folder structure , the " duplicate name " problem stems from the actual file name , not from the song 's title / artist / album .
looks sort of like picasa software ( google it if you dont know ) in the interface and is as easy to install and operate as g2 's , but more intuitive .
canon 's optics are better and i believe their processing algorithms are also better .
this provides drag & drop transfers of music between the computer & zen ; each time it transfers music to the zen it asks if you want to generate a playlist ; it allows playlists developed in other software to be transferred to the zen ( .
i was worried about this after seeing a friend change batteries on his olympus after about 20-30 pictures .
i ended up suing windows player to make mp3 's ( actually wma files ) and then using the probram to transfer .
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
i had downloaded about 1000 songs and had room for another 9000 !
you could take a picture of a stone glinting in the sun and still avoid the shining glaze and get the contours right .
a $ 300 device and they skimped on the headphone jack ?
because once the moment is gone , it is not coming back .
pro : 1 .
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .
also the ipod has games on it .
other than that this thing is great ...
the pictures are amazing .
i saw another review saying his only gripe was a lack of voice dialing .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue .
the dvd player does not work properly .
the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy .
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that it makes the color look over saturated .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
the build quality feels solid , it does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5 .1 sound good ) .
with eax on , you can modify your sound , with 4 different presets , which is pretty good , you can get different variations with it .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging --- how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
its really cool .
but for what i do use it is perfect .
i bought the 2600 because it plays everything !
it has a clear blue light that allows you to see everything on the screen easily .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
no more hazzles of keying in all data , using the small phone keypad .
no complaints there .
" enjoy " !
i 've had this for 3 months now , and i am pleased with my decision .
aight den bumpy ?
sold in other parts of the world :
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
i 'll still use my photosuite for editing .
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
loved the slim design .
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
and so far have not had any problems with dvds not being able to play .
very cheaply made .
overall , i highly recommend this phone .
the higher the number the better the quality ( less data compression is used ) and the larger the file size .
nikon got the final nod for its settings auto and manual along with movie modes , medium ; compact size , price , brand name , good software that is included and previous reviews .
advertising pays off i guess . . .
the shutter lag is on par with what i 've experienced with point and shoot 35 mm and aps film cameras and the next frame advance is about a couple seconds using a high speed 12x 128mb compact flash card a salesperson recommended the high speed card since next frame advance speed was important to me - and it was only a few dollars more .
this also allows you to turn on the camera on without having to remove the lens cap .
i can only hear the sound but no picture !
i purchased it at a retail store , and got an extended warranty .
else with simpler viking cf cards , it takes couple of seconds to write a picture with approximately " fine ** " picture quality " image size : 1600 .
had i not been in such a hurry to load cds , i would have spotted them sooner .
for `` cool factor '' buffs it looks and feels like a small plastic brick brick and does n't have any wow factor .
a sliding old fashioned volume knob would also have been easier than the digital version that was included .
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
go for it !
it is made of plastic .
they decide that the owner was responsible for the damage and so even if it is returned within the warranty period , creative will charge you to fix it .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just have n't found it yet .
it can get pretty lonely out there .
overall i 'm happy with my toy .
there are a lot of cool websites with games and midi ringtones to download for free .
i might have gotten a lemon , but this is not the first report of video output failure on this machine .
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
after receiving the box from amazon , i proceeded with charging the unit for the specified 4 hours , after which i installed the software and connected the unit to my pc via usb 2.0 .
i was considering the olympus camedia c-5050 but was convinced to buy the g3 after visiting a store and holding it in my hands and trying it out .
i have not spent much time with the included software , so i do n't know what to say about it other than it seems ok .
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop
or does it play audio and video but scrolling in black and white ?
3 ) folders can not be created for the audio files .
i must have heard this about a dozen times over the span of 2 weeks , when t-zones never worked .
if that one fails too , and i hope if it does , let it happen in the first 90 days , not later , cuz thats the warranty .
the zen has minimal stoppage between tracks ; when listening to music that continues from one track to the next the gap is just a hesitation - a slightly audible click ; if i am not listening for the progress from one track to the next i do n't even notice the click .
this phone is highly recommended otherwise .
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .
there was very little light in there .
i have n't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error .
unless you are making posters , a g3 is more than good enough .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n't see on a sony and an overall plasticky feel
if anybody knows of a remote to work this-i 'd love to hear from you !
my last mp3 player 's screen drove me nuts .
this is my first digital camera and i could n't be happier .
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
the sound quality with jazz and pop music is equally superior .
i also discovered the exposure-bracket setting , which enables you to take three exposures with one press of the shutter : the first at the camera-determined exposure , then one lighter and one darker .
this thing does its job .
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
- best in class sound
i would also recommend buying an extra battery and at least a 128 mb compact flash type i memory card .
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
reviews for sound quality are generally ( but not universally ) positive .
the only drawback is the viewfinder is slightly blocked by the lens .
reading other reviews , i do n't think the replacement one will be any better .
i 'm sending mine back and am waiting for the problem to be corrected .
overall , i feel that it 's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , it dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags .
unit took forever since the begiining to recognize and play discs .
i bought this for my dad for christmas .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , it is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
and have you seen the price of the ipod extras that you need .
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin .
or better yet , buy from another company that stands behind their products with a 12-month warranty .
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
that 's the first thing to understand .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
things that i 'd prefer different - there 's a red light that shines when it 's turned off !
worked for two weeks .
zennx 's capacity / price ratio on the 30g model ( $ 10/gig ) ) trumps ipod 's 30g model ( $ 14/gig ) .
all in all though i 'm very happy with my new mp3 player .
fact is , it could n't be easier to use .
great camera , and for the price you can ' t beat it .
if it were not for that i would have given it 4 .
if you 're someone who wants to put 10,000 songs on this thing you may want to encode at the lower end ( typically 128 is considered close to cd quality ) .
the two main reasons i had for getting this model were the range of disks types played and the recommendation of a friend .
i 'll have to borrow cd 's to rip from friends to even come close to filling the thing .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals it has .
( to be fair , the same can be said about many korean imports , and the nokia 's build quality is light years ahead of the koreans . )
and i am hoping the static i heard when using eax was a blip ...
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
reviews of apple 's support are generally poor ; they seem to address issues in warranty , which covers a short time after delivery / pickup of item .
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
well that was not a simple task .
i purchased the extended warranty ( something i almost never do ) when i returned the unit to get the replacement .
it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
if you have a question , they have the answer .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc. , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in my 3-year - old unit again just to see .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can ' t do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price !
unfortunatly it was dropped and damaged a year after i bought it .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish it was on this model .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
the product manufacturer promised me 14 hours , and what i recieved was 6-8 .
it took several days of attempts before things finally " worked " again and i have n't a clue why .
the reason for this the ipod has " a better user interface " .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
most of these " annoyances " , though , are comparable to what you 'll find on other cameras in this price range .
7 ) chic look and good build - the player comes in a compact form with a metal face plate .
i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down . now buy it !
for me , that was the only drawback .
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged this may not be the one for you .
the other day when i was listening to a song , it locked up and will not do anything now .
the player : it 's silver .
crop and enlarge the best at practically no extra cost or time .
not plug & play ; relies on id3 ; no fm or recording
maybe if you delete those files before you looked at them with the software , youd see the true , raw image that the camera actually produces .
if you want , check out the canon website and they have some sample images , taken by this camera , for you to download .
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc .
the karma does have a stop button .
the phone book is very user-friendly and the speakerphone is excellent .
hard drives ( this is what most ipods have - and just about all mp3 players over 3-5 gb of memory ) .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
if you read reviews for the 4 main contenders in this market - the ipod , creative zen , rio karma and iriver ihp - you 'll notice that each has their pros and cons ; none are perfect and you should decide whether you want to take to take the plunge now or later .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . )
if you watch dvds once in a while like i do , get this !
be forewarned .
i love photography .
i was a little concerned to be the black sheep buying this player instead of the incredibly overpriced apple i-pod .
buy this camera and savour it .
i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory .
i doubt anyone has ever seen an add or commercial for any other mp3 player .
after using it for a few weeks ( the amount of time before the hard drive crashed ) it revealed a few of its shortcommings .
i am very pleased with its quality and durability .
transfering is easy , the software makes everythig pretty easy .
i took the camera and just gave it to someone .
most people love the appearance and praise the touch sensitive buttons .
point the " media sniffer " to your music files and let it do the rest .
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .
after about 45 mins of listening there was audible static in the player .
- some features in the user interface
the remote is flimsy-feeling and awkward to use .
for me the sound of the music is what is important .
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
if i 'd been paying attention , i would have noticed the 3 month warranty .
the good news is if you can ' t get it to reset / reboot you can still pull the battery and reinstall it .
apex does n't answer the phone .
size and style :
it is crystal clear .
now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk .
so you can plug your nomad directly into your stereo or use a car adapter , but you do n't get the quality from a true line out jack .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with my service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
2 . i do n't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc 's might be a reason enough to get it . )
i searched on the internet and found one tip which solved our problem : press i/p button on the remote control .
if you 're a jogger and you want to strap it to your arm , i 'd recommend flash memory .
- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones .
perhaps this experience will teach me not to buy " off " brands .
after a lot of research , i decided on the g3 .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
1 ) fm receiver - some models out there have this .
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give them refunds !
i didnt wait to experiment .
the interface used could be better designed .
the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
i received this as a gift .
the 20 gig ipod still goes for just under $ 400 .
the auto-focus performs well , but i love having the 12 optional scene modes - they are dummy-proof , and correspond to many situations in which i would actually seek to use the camera .
it is n't big and offensive , though you would n't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( i 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ) .
on the positive side , the sound of the player is pretty good , once you have everything configured .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't .
awesome feature .
i have a large collection of cds and have loaded over 100 of them so far .
the sony ericsson phone ( t610 ) has the most whistles and bells , but is also the hardest to use .
when i first had it i kept finding myself having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
another stupid move .
if you have the appetite choose the one that you think has the least deficiencies or is best suited to you .
* removable battery
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as it will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
8 battery life is excellent .
we are overall pleased with product .
it 's nothing major , just a bad hard drive , any hard drive mp3 player can have that problem .
it actually gives the option to clear the previous playlist when i want to play another list .
so far not going to get a good review .
being a great fan of the g2 i set out with g3 with a somewhat negative expectation , difficult as it is to improve drastically on something already as ' perfect ' as the powershot g2 .
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood .
several people have complained of difficulty transferring multiple songs with the same title .
i would n't gotten this dvd based on the reviews i read after christmas .
then just forget about all the controls you have on the metz flash head itself and the sca 3102 control panel , because they are all ignored .
the navigion on it can be a little quirky , but still operates better than the zen 's did .
my wife shuns all new technology and compained when i brought this home , but now she 's forever asking for the digital camera .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours to spend time on this .
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .
i have n't figured it out yet .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
anyway , in the store , i tried coolpix 4300 along with two other 4mp models minolta dimage s414 , and panasonic lumix .
i 'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed my needs .
so , i bought apex ad-2600 in november ' 03 from amazon .
but at least youre starting with the most photorealistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
at the same time , i wanted my wife to not be intimidated by knobs and buttons .
i would like album order for my live albums and was just wondering .
you could have paid more and got a lot less .
veteran zen users have explained how to stop if that 's what you want .
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .
the nikon coolpix 4300 deserves six .
the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
i have returned the g3 ( actually i tried two of them ) and have my g2 !
i am extremely satisfied with this camera .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
- very long-lasting battery life
and with usb 2.0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
oh my goodness --
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
this is my fourth mp3 player ( creative nomad jukebox2 and 3 , rio chie , and this one ) , and my third player from creative .
i 'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder . . .
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes !
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played it straight for the first time .
there are a couple things i didnt like though but nothing serious : a little larger than other mp3s but still light , the software takes some time to get used to ( maybe 10-15 mins ) , and this thing would definitely be destroyed with one fall .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
i always shoot using the lcd panel .
perhaps the weirdest was one of bruce springsteen 's cds from the tracks set being classified as goth rock .
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .
then again a one time use camera may do just as well .
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .
good quality video .
because of this , i am disappointed and would not recommend this product .
i got my zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
5 . the 1/200 sec , f5 .6 + nd filter for highly exposed ( or very brightly lit ) environments .
as an engineer , i am embarrassed for the engineering profession when such crap is released for sale .
so , without further adoo .
easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton .
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; it does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
i highly regret trying to save a few $ with this purchase .
it will not load any further songs on and customer service has no idea what to do .
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
an extra rechargeable en-el 1 battery is also handy , so you will seldom run into " out of battery " situation .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it 's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc .
sound quality on this is amazing , as with all creative products .
( again this is my first digital camera and maybe that is just how they all are . )
now , even 1 star seems like i 'm giving creative the benefit of the doubt .
i 've got 1200 songs on it now and about 4000 more to go .
very simple to use .
here 's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace my zen ( a 20gb model ) .
this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera .
forget the fact that it 'll probably take me a year to figure out all the features this camera has to offer .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
i will not be ordering another one to replace it .
i was , however .
i think the reson for the creative being larger is for sound dampening and protection , whihc is a plus , but then again it is only speculation .
save yourself some aggrivation .
nokia will not cover phones bought from amazon .
maybe more competitors will bring out similar products .
i 've been bothered by blown-out highlights on the s330 , and the g3 seems to do only slightly better .
for those out there that are not familiar with mp3 encoding , you can encode your cd 's at varying quality levels .
if you want a sexy , cool , accessory-availible mp3 player , by all means , get an ipod for a hundred dollars more ( or one for the same price that holds 1/3 of the music ) .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
vibration was not even listed as a feature when i purchased this .
with the t-mobile unlimited t-zones for $ 10 , i can check any number of email addresses and use unlimited internet .
however , the main problem that i think is the with the sound quality .
if you happen to push the wrong button , you can wipe out the order of songs you had put in .
you need the storage to hold a decent amount of shots at 4 megapixel resolution .
nokia 6610 ( sound quality ) the phone is great with very cool features &#38; options , but comparing to my older motorola phone , it gets a failing grade in speaker quality .
if only it played stand alone avi files .
but that 's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open it to see what you are doing .
great camera , great investment !
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
it suppose to play everything .
3 . that 's pretty much all the negatives the positive things truly outnumber the negatives , and the negatives are n't that bad .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing !
after using it , i found the size to be perfect for carrying in a pocket .
the only thing the ipod has over the nomad is the style , size , and ease of use .
i can not stress enough how big of a benefit it is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal .
itunes does what apple is famous for , makes software that works for the less computer saavy .
the adobe camera raw plug-in shows once again that hardware is miles ahead of software .
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .
so now i 've got to call their customer " service " ( of course , no 800 number ) to send the thing back .
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
features and looks this dvd player is overpriced had it come with sony or one of the other top brand names .
i would recommend a larger compact-flash card , at least 128 mb .
here 's where the ipod drives me nuts .
- i did n't care much for the tilting lcd screen , it seemed very limited and not very usefull .
this meant that i had to take all my cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
for other problems go to http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp
yes , the features are numerous .
after i had it a couple weeks , it got into a state where it could never find the device , no matter how often i rebooted my pc , reset the device , reloaded drivers , etc , etc. creative 's online support was no help at all .
now it would have gotten 5 stars had this baby come with features to upgrade the firmware and was able to play divx or avi videos .
it took over 2 months and repeated follow-up to get it replaced .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made myself .
no comments on reliability , warranty , repairs , accessories .
also , very light and portable .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
i simply love this feature .
the design is sleek and the color screen has good resolution .
if you do n't have a gray card , you can use a plain white piece of paper .
i am very pleased with it so far .
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
i forgot , the case does n't fit .
do not recommend .
ripping your songs and creating playlists could n't be any easier .
owner 's manual has substandard troubleshooting guide .
i bought this dvd player in november .
* software is absolutely terrible :
stayed up all night trying to figure out that thing .
i am enjoying my phone a lot ....
if these otherwise minor issues can be fixed , i would rate this a 5 star machine .
i like the speakerphone function a lot .
i assume this is the case for most cameras since it does not have enough power to do autofocus .
come on , at $ 300 they could at least put in a good pair of earphones .
zennx hopefully will gain market share and prompt arrogant apple to lower prices and enable consumers to replace the battery .
so what ?
my wife and i read and read and read reviews on different cameras for months .
most of the time , my g3 is a well-behaved camera .
however , i should have followed my instincts :
if you want to listen to tunes while you travel , i 'd get a hard drive because you can put so much on the thing - including audio books .
if not i will avoid apex products in the future .
i experimented with installing mediasource on 2 other computers at home and it worked fine .
the image quality is excellent .
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
more downside to this phone ?
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
i 've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in my opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
i personally do n't like apple or their business practices ( screwing resellers , customers and employees left and right ) so i shopped around for something else .
what kind of a company does that !
charged my battery .
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on my computer or other jobs .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
usually around the time the 90 day warranty expires .
compared to everything else in this category , this is most definately the best bang for the buck .
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .
i do n't use a bracket , i just hold it above my head and aim the flash with my left hand .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
software is easy to use ( although redhat software is better , but costs money )
the software interface supplied was very easy to use but i went ahead and got red chair 's " notmad " software because of some advanced features i wanted .
two days later the phone was returned to me in complete working order .
but i would expect that , since my movie discs have all played with no problem , the extras discs would , too , without any additional tweaking .
the included memory card is too small .
and since i 'm out here i can ' t mail it back under my 90 days and they wo n't help me out cause they say that the conditions here are not covered under the warranty .
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
yes there is a corner lens barrel distortion ( i do n't like it too but no harm done since i always use the camea lcd screen to see exactly what i 'm going to get ) in the viewfinder when you do n't zoom ( when you zoom the lens distortion goes away ) , canon knows this and engineered it that way to minimize the parallax phenomenon ; that is what lmost exactly ot the picture .
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
i was n't sure how long it would take before it would break .
i purchased the phone last week and have been using till then . .
fortunately , the g3 has a hot shoe that can take an external flash , and fortunately for me , i already owned a one of the highest quality external flashes that money can buy : the metz 60 ct-4 .
i bought a 512 mb card by simpletech and it works great with my canon .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
the sound is great even with the supplied earbuds -- but i find earbuds uncomfortable so i use different headphones .
if you have a good digital camera , there is no reason to consider the camera capabilities of a mobile phone .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there :
i would have liked to have given it 4-1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
anyway , i ended up purchasing the lumix .
if you are n't into paying $ x00 to learn and experiment , or the cons outweigh the pros , then wait a year or so .
i do n't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .
the sound is indeed excellent and the form factore is not bad ( but still rather larger than i had expected ) . . .
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
the colors on the screen are not as crisp as i 'd have liked them to be .
uploading the images to my windows-based pc is very fast and simple .
huge storage space , i loaded my entire collection of music , which isnt that much , 400 songs , and still have 26 gb , out of the 28 provided to you .
i called creative and they said to send it in and they would decide if it in warranty .
after reading the very positive review of this camera in a leading consumer magazine , i decided to head here , to amazon , to read through the online reviews .
they have n't got all the bugs worked out just yet .
1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance .
the sound from the player is ok .
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features !
flash card memory vs. hard drive ( i.e. why does a 256 mb player cost $ $ $ ... and a 40 gb ( 40,000 mb ) player only cost
i was trying to decide whether or not i should go with the 40 gb ipod or this 30 gb zen xtra .
i spent much time debating on whether i should go with the zen xtra or the ipod .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
now as others said , so far this player is an awesome player , there are flaws .
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
the ringtones included are awesome , and did i mention they were polyphonic ?
to discover this i had to read about 10 online reviews ( with many complaints about the lack of stop button ) before i found one reviewer who was smart enough to both figure it out & document it .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
great features . . .
originally i wanted the ipod .
when i bought it late last year , there were enough reviews that i knew the navigation wheel and software would be less than ideal , but it sounded like a fair tradeoff .
there 's really very little about g3 images to criticize .
the reviews of this product can be roughly divided into two groups : ( 1 ) those who have had the product for a few weeks and ( 2 ) those have had the product for a few months .
my story is based on personal usage .
ipod users have to send theirs back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
nokia and t-mobile really teamed up well on this baby .
one bad thing though , i find the remote control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
and most stores will not take back a product 90 days after purchase .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
either way , can ' t go wrong with this price .
- included creative software is pretty poor .
you will be sorry if you do .
the included earbuds were uncomfortable . uncomfortable -1
highly recommended !
what else can you say about a camera that works for both of you ?
we 've purchased 3 universal remotes so far-all claiming to work " apex " dvd players and none worked .
i think this is it 's biggest flaw .
2 ) buy a good pair of head-phones unless you already own one .
30gb is more than enough for most people .
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
the g3 has a shoe which will take other powerful ( and expensive ) canon flashes that will allow bounce and reflected flash photography .
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
best regards sadoun satellite sales
ok , everybody loves the fm radio in this , but you want a cell phone first , right ?
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and their customer service line is always busy .
his i-pod can only play for a couple of hours with a fully recharging now .
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .
after much survey of all the present handsets and recommendations from friends , i bought this nokia 6610 .
i think most of you people complaining about no video is due to you hitting the wrong button either the p/n = pal / ntsc or the i/p is set to progressive scan .
zen good points :
- the top that covered the battery kept poping off without much of a touch near the bottom latch .
for those of you who has problems with this player , i 'd suggest checking the owners manual to get the right setting so that you are not displaying the wrong mode and have no picture , etc .
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and it still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
less than a month later the screen freezes and eventually shows " no disc . "
fiance did n't like the feel .
here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
by the way , it looks nice also .
i found using the supplied mediasource software very easy .
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it 's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
the only drawbacks that i have noticed :
the eax sound enhancement feature did n't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
3 . with low battery , it twice wiped out the entire pictures in the memory chip .
you can easily access ur files , and easily fill in the id3 tags , which can take a while with a big collection of music , but if your not lazy , you will do it without a problem .
the software is great .
if this is your fist dvd player .
having access to so much music where ever you go is terrific .
i 've compared and compared and compared .
i can recommend this phone to anyone , anytime .
i can ' t speak to its long-term reliability , as i 've only had the apex ad2600 for a little over a week at this point .
we 'll see if i need them to .
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .
they take excellent macro shots as well .
this is not the same thing as a film camera .
if you are looking for a very simple point and shoot camera , this is probably not what you are looking for .
do n't walk , run and buy this camera if you have the budget , i guarantee you will not be disappointed .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining my media .
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting them .
able to use service in another country :
if you really need to save , buy this thing on amazon , they eventually gave me a full refund .
i found it intuitive to use ( i did n't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .
i have been assured this will be fixed soon .
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make it useable though .
just easily drag and drop files into the nomad explorer and from there you easily alter id tags and sort your music according to your liking , by artist , song title , genre , etc .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
what the photoshop plug-in gives you is reality , and then if you want fantasy , you can use photoshop to create it .
it wo n't play all of my movies .
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send it back .
the menu options are uncreative , as you can ' t see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) .
all the products have drawbacks and are not mature yet ; if you expect value and reliability then wait a while .
these models now ship with creative 's mediasource program , which allows you to highlight the files on your computer that you want to add to your zen xtra , click a button , and transfer it straight to your player .
ok this is our first dvd player so what do i know .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
i have had great experience with amazon , but i will probably not buy electronics any more from them to avoid any future return problems .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with me for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
now we come to the zen xtra . . .
otherwise , this player is awesome !
i did extensive research comparing different 4 and 5 megapixel cameras .
i wish i could give negative stars !
all rechargeable batteries lose their holding power over time ( around 2 years ) .
but heck it plays my alias dvds .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user-friendly player imo .
i would recommend replacing the existing software with the " notmad explorer , " which is simpler to use and can be found on the internet .
they player 's interface itself is also very easy to use .
downloads are a snap and quick .
so if you happen to be out of the house and you have a frozen os you can ' t use nomad until you get home .
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .
* slick-looking design and improved interface
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , irivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small .
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .
you discover this later when you 're listening to a song and it 's the wrong title , causing you to rename everything on your own .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
i compared this to a lot of other cameras , believe me , it 's value for money .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
it sure does !
i only have one question , when i add tracks to my nomad , via nomad explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order .
the mobile text messaging , chat , picture sharing etc. other nicities , that you would enjoy .
no more wasted time and money developing rolls of pic 's for just a couple of keepers .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
i just transfered over some 40 cds and have plenty of space left for me .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
picture on web site clearly has the play display pictured , yet false silver plate .
update : apple recently announced that for $ 107 , it will replace the battery in ipods shipped to their factory .
i cancelled the order .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
the most important thing for me is sound quality .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
i am bored with the silver look .
so all you do is stick a pin or something small in the reset button & you 're golden .
granted it is a little more than the zen , it is well worth it .
it was not my first choice .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when i purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
i doubt i will use half of the storage capacity , but you never know .
if you 're copying cds with windows media , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
for those that are looking for camera phones just get the camera attachement and comes with the stereo headphones to listen to the radio in style .
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants wo n't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
a nice camera bag , which holds camera plus all the cables and the charger .
please go to read dpreview.com and you 'll get the complete story .
after messing with it at a store i noticed how bad the i-pod was .
i first intended to buy the 3100 , but am really happy to invest the extra money for the 4300 .
they told me i would have to connect to my laptop , which had to be on and connected to my corporate network through the phone in order to access my corporate email .
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
synchronizing music among computers , if you have more than one , seems to be an issue ; research this before buying if you have multiple computers you want to be synchronized .
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
even if it has n't expired , creative is likely to claim that the owner caused the damage which in turn voids the warranty .
i bought this player as a christmas present for my wife .
and while it is cool and fun and has no film processing costs .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the keys .
so go and buy dis sucka beefo it all be gone an stuffff .
the time taken in shifting from one menu option to other is in microseconds only .
i will say this .
however , the convenience of using digital far outweighs the slightly less accurate indoor pictures .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software .
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
after i went through the transer issue , i returned the zen xtra and purchased the 40 gig ipod .
do n't buy this player .
seriously ! i love it !
not a big hassle as many would have you think .
navigation could be better , but there is n't really anything the zen xtra can ' t do once you 've gotten comfortable with it .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
i will never buy a creative product again .
called customer service and basically was told to either keep buying univ. remotes to try or buy the replacement remote for $ 23 ( which is almost half of what i paid for the whole player ) .
i was able to take great photos of the 4th of july fire works , and got some amazing shots of the kids playing with sparklers .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
olympus c5050 is a very solid camera with a metal body .
i could n't be happier with t-mobile either , i switched from cingular .
yes , i have red-eye off , and yes , i 've tried adding a flash .
the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options .
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .
another plus in my book , no file limits !
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
who cares if it does n't have multiple slots ?
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
there should have been a recall on this product .
after that it seems like you 're on your own .
the software will convert your cd 's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want it to .
other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system .
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .
it would just spin up and stop , and display " no disc " .
i cant use my nikon external flash on a canon camera , but i can use my metz , with the proper metz module and extension cord connected between the g3 and the 60 ct-4 .
but they do have this annoying habit of asking you if they 've answered all your questions , even if they did n't , to which they always seem to expect a " yes " answer from you .
in the last month i bought the apex ad-1600 and the ad-1220 .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on yoursound quality , the sound might crack .
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
i read reviews , compared specs , and visited user forums .
you can sort your music by artist , title , album , or genre , and you can play music based on those categories .
i called the canon technical service center to see if i had a defective camera .
and with the 500 you save you could print the results for the life of the camera .
the lcd screen was very large and readable .
the controls are somewhat harder to use than the ipod , but i have gotten use to them , and even at the beginning did not think would justify the huge difference in price .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
the ear-piece has a button that answers and hangs-up the phone so you do not have to mess with the phone at all , unless dialing a number .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan . . .
compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
that 's all for now .
now my little 6610 is the most coveted item at school !
a few things that might make it even better :
make sure you get a big compactflash card ( it comes with a 32mb ) -- the 512mb cards are pretty [ inexpensive ] here on amazon.com and can hold about 500 photos at a time !
i purchased the ad2600 after feeling comfortable with the reviews i read here on amazon .
im taking mine back tomorrow morning , and getting a nice shiny new ipod instead .
it do n't get any better then the nikon 4300 .
even if i had paid full price i would have considered this a good deal .
i find myself emailing pics to everyone i know .
the manual is easy to understand , and it is mostly idiot proof .
the mini ipod 's look the best to me -- but with only 4gb there 's no way i would ever buy any mp3 player with a measly 4gb of storage .
having to copy / delete files would be time-consuming and is rendered a non-issue with 40gb of storage .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can ' t get through to their number , it 's always busy .
if it does , ill give up .
i do not know a whole lot about photography , but i am happy to know that this camera can always perform , even as i grow in skill and knowledge .
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but it hurts the ears like you can not imagine !
overall i think that you need to consider what you wa n't to do .
the second one was the 2500 which i think is better than the 2600 because it has more features such as karoake which i do use sometimes for parties .
i think there is a good chance i will try to get a samsung flip camera phone next year .
simply not as friendly for functional as an ipod .
that 's a huge plus by itself compared to the infamous ipod and similar mp3 players where the battery is permanently installed & removing it voids the warranty .
below is how i evaulate this phone with other t-mobile phones which i have borrowed from parents / friends :
i wanted to use the nomad with a cassette style car adapter .
that would be a nice compromise between jpeg and raw .
i like the default blue .
depending on all the above requirements , i had narrowed down my search to nikon 4300 and canon powershot s400 models .
the bottom line :
this is the 4 apex player that i have bought .
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
for some reason they made the navigation buttons all one button , a ring around the enter / play button .
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
thankfully amazon has free return shipping !
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n't blind you when you stare too long .
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
the g2 was slightly curvy with a champagne finish -- very homely .
if you do any research into digital cameras , you 'll quickly find that this camera is just about the best value out there .
i am even a bit technology oriented , so i thought it would be a breeze to set this up .
does your apex dvd player only play dvd audio without video ?
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
and we all know about the rush to market on new products .
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .
so i took it back to best buy where i bought it and exchanged it for a newer zen 20 gig model .
every t-mobile plan comes with gsm data , meaning that instead of speeds of 56 kbps is around 9 kbps ( with those small size wap websites do you really think it makes a difference ) .
i guess i 'm just lucky to get a good working unit !
lithium ion rechargeable batteries are good for 300-500 rechargings , so battery lifespan will vary according to your usage .
the dvd player just would ' t recognize them .
this would have been much easier .
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for our family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
i 'm very pleased with my zx so here 's a quick review .
it ships with a carrying case that has a belt clip on it .
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; shutter delay is n't so bad either .
forget talking on it in public -- you just can ' t hear the other person !
the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision .
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk . i love the aiff , progressive scan feature .
i purchased and returned this product , but not because of any glaring flaws in the design .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech . support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
getting the printer to help output them was another tale .
at $ 49 .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
as of this writing , technology has not solved the focus-lock lag time problem for point-and-shoot digicams and anyone who is satisfied with it simply has never used a modern film slr .
that is , if a folder on your computer called " mp3 " has slayer ( thrash metal ) , stravinsky ( classical ) , and ice cube ( rap ) in it , you will only be able to play the contents of that folder by searching for the artists or genres manually .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon 's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
i got weird messages about it not being ok 'd by microsoft ( or something like that ) , then i thought it failed to load , then it loaded .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
i end up unplugging it from the wall for a few hours and when i try again it will work fine.at least until this problem arises again .
well worth the money .
go get it .
they have a whole bunch of devices that all have the same-sounding name ( and they are long ) .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
they piggy-back on cingular 's service .
my suggestion is to wait to see how the market develops .
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
word ... peace in the east bruvah .
service is great as far as i can tell , features work like a charm , ringtones are high quality if you buy them from t-mobile and aim is great .
this is the best phone i have seen .
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .
to me this alludes to the manufacturer 's confidence that the product will last for a year .
i just told them , press halfway , wait for the box to turn green and press the rest of the way .
the battery life seems good , takes very little time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
i wish canon would work out some way for that issue .
what more could you ask for .
after several years of torture in the hands of at & t customer service i am delighted to drop them , and look forward to august 2004 when i will convert our other 3 family-phones from at & t to t-mobile !
look / design :
the included earpiece is very comfortable and easy to use .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
short of the eos range from canon or the d100s from nikon ( both slrs ) .
creative labs customer support website is useless .
cheaper to produce , holds a lot , heavier and has moving parts which means it 's a little more prone to damage from being banged around .
this is not a handbag camera .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
finally the software used to put all the songs into it is vastly inferior to itunes on two levels , first it is poorly integrated into the overall player and clunky to use especially with tagging and second the wma audio format sucks , flat out sucks in terms of sound quality compared with the vastly superior aac format the apple ipod uses and it sticks you with one of the sub par paid music services such as napster instead of allowing to use the itunes store , which , if you ever plan to pay for your music , is by far the best .
so what 's the problem ?
i have not played with all the features yet , but the camera is easy to use once you get used to it .
the volume .
i 've compared this phone to others such as 6100 , siemens sl55 .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
the battery recharges real fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
only problem , if you think it 's going to be delivered in the 24 hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
poor visibility on the keys .
+ they have great optics ( cp5700 has great optical zoom ) and features , not to mention take great pictures .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options .
i think the whole zen line has been fairly innovative and reasonably priced , but it 's not really appropriate to compare the pricing of the zen line to the ipods ( although , the ipod is still way over priced ) .
comes with standard rca jacks for output , along with s-video output ( s-video cable not included , must be purchased seperately ) and also component video outputs .
i showed her how to turn it on , where the lens zoom lever is , and she loves it !
if you 're investing in a camera at this level , buy this software !
when i took outdoor photos with plenty of light and the objects were n't moving , the photos were awesome .
that is a very nice feature .
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
i 'd have given it 5 stars , but i 'm waiting to see if this one holds up to more frequent use than the last one :
go out and get a 256meg card , it 's worth the expense .
. go ; get a high speed like lexar 12x or higher cf card .
of course you do !
hopefully you still have the remote control .
the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others .
i tried called apex cust service , no help .
for the money apex machines have good features .
this is almost it but not quite but the price was right .
well thats about it , and as people said in earlier previews that the headfone jack gets messed up , stil havent happened to me , and i hope it doesnt .
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
the player feels very delicate , as if i 'm holding an actual hard drive .
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n't take up space on your pc hard drive .
itunes is a versatile program and i have n't had any issues with the ipod itself .
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .
i 've had no problems with the software .
following my research , i decided on the g3 .
to save a picture as raw , you have to have the display on , this seems like a waste of battery power .
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial . its very small and hard to turn so you can ' t get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
it using something called ac3 ( at least the trial song i purchased was in this format ) which is not a compatible format for the nomad .
i would have liked to be able to see what is playing without having to open the case .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .
the hot shoe flash attachment allowed me to buy and use a sophisticated flash unit :
overall design :
about 10 % of the time it can ' t find the device when i attach it to my pc .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them .
when shopping for digital cameras i looked at the nikon cp5700 , olympus c5050 , nikon cp5000 , and the canon g3 .
. this camera keeps on autofocussing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can ' t be stopped .
tech support from apex is literally - nonexistent .
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .
all of the zens use a standard notebook drive .
it helps avoid the problem of a color cast on the pictures , especially in mixed-light settings .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev . machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
you have to install the software to the computer you 're transferring to , instead of just connecting it with a usb connection .
the phone may look large but it is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
the radio feature has superb sound quality .
recommended to anyone looking to purchase a low priced dvd player and not expecting any bells or whistles from a brand name one like sony .
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
still no response .
i was in search of a new item to take it 's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
it does tend to run quite hot and should be given lots of room for air circulation .
an ipod with the same amount of memory is $ 150 cheaper .
if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 !
so much packed in a small case and very affordable !
so far so good , no problems , no conversions .
the manual mode is feature rich and i can ' t wait to get the hang of it .
so i contacted customer service at creative , but they said , " if the product seems broken , we can not help , " or something to that effect .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
case - the nomad comes with a leather holding case .
very large pics take 8mb each !
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i 'm wait very happy .
that 's a huge difference ... especially in this price range .
the reasons below will be true for any product in this category .
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n't work !
player controls :
right now , i 'm researching for an inexpensive slave flash unit that 's designed for digital cameras .
so far i have no complaints and i recommend this to anyone who wants quality over appearance , also anyone who wants a harddrive based mp3 player and wants to pay next to nothing .
i am a nikon fan , and owned and used slr nikon fe , n50 and n90s for many many years .
you should too .
now let 's talk about the software .
but this camera is great !
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
great sound ; good interface ; replaceable , powerful battery ; good software ; wake-up , sleep timers ; multiple play modes
if you are skeptical about trying apex .
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you .
this is pretty cool .
. lens cap is a really annoying
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
when i hit " menu " it told me , " playback only . "
i got 45 outdoor and 15 indoor shots with the monitor on turning the camera off and on over a 4 hour period before the battery died .
controls are a bit awkward .
if i had to do this again , i might get the 40gb zen .
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
i 've been using it for about 3 months now .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
i can ' t imagine why i would spend hundreds of dollars more to have an ipod .
the scroll bar problems make the task of creating playlists more frustrating .
ive seen em all , the archos , dell , ipods , everything ... good price and great sound makes this one the best in my opinion .
both the samsung and the sony phones offer a lot more features than this 6610 .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features it packs outweighs this shortcoming .
i did that and re-installed the software but had the same error .
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
i have my mp3 's stored on my workstation .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
negative points :
but that 's a moot point now .
it 's no problem for me personally .
frequent signal searches eat up battery power .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
i 'll probably also get the wide-angle now , too .
guess all that glitters is not gold .
this is one of those items that , at first glance , looked cool but did n't really ring a bell with me .
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as they evolve .
the person i talked to suggested i take the dvd player back and swap it out with another .
that 's why you have these things that can be keychain size .
what kind of product goes out within a month ?
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
and the slim form-factor together with the mirror-like front panel sure makes the player look cool and pricey !
the in-program id3 tag editing is a strong point , as well .
there were a few flaws that i learned to deal with and took thousands of pictures around the world , losing a few that i really regretted .
all in all suprisingly easy to use .
what 's going on creative labs ?
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .
the p/n button switches your dvd players video output signal between pal and ntsc .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period !
- you just have to buy a new player .
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the asthetics bit down , of course
did buy a 256mb compact flash , it holds a lot of pics at any resolution .
just before we all spent a couple weeks in an rv together .
wow , dennis sure is great !
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and it actually sounds like music .
i 'll have to see if this becomes a problem down the road .
so far i 've only had it since christmas , so i cant tell you much about the battery life .
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
note : about 2gb ( 5 % ) of the advertised 40gb of storage capacity is used for the operating software ( firmware ) .
absolutely breathtaking .
i have done a lot of research before i decided to buy the nomad zen xtra .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks . . .
once i get focus lock , i can then wait until my restless subject ( a pet or a child ) strikes an amusing pose and then fire the shutter with some reasonable probability of getting my subject still in focus .
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .
i would much more have preferred a keypad-type navigator like found on dvd remotes .
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ;
for a 250 dollar player , they could have thrown in nice headphones .
this junky is super duper rad . it be my fav c-phone and stuff .
again had to remove the battery .
in order for this to work , you have to set the camera to manual mode and set the shutter speed and f-stop yourself .
one more thing about indoor shots - many of the reviews knocked this camera for low light focusing .
i highly recommend this phone to anyone .
the nomad is only sligtly larger than an ipod .
i spoke to a rep. at apex and was told that a new format is being used and we wont be able to view any disney movies made in the last couple months .
i 'd like to see my old carrier do that !
we saw reviews that said the same thing , and also saw here that their customer service stinks .
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented .
after investigating a multitude of player options , i asked for and received the 60 gb zen xtra for christmas .
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player did n't meet my expectations . . .
find another phone , or buy this one in its manufacturer-unlocked form .
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .
my girlfriend loved using this camera so much as a point and shoot that i had to pry it out of her hands most of the time .
after much research i decided on the nikon coolpix 4300 .
even viewed cds full of jpgs .
my office would not let me put the software on to my work computer .
i would say that this is not a major issue , but it can be slightly annoying if you care about these things .
so what are you waiting for ?
left it set on my desk came back five minutes later and it just wanted to keep playing the same song over and over .
hope to get my refund in a timely manner .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it 's done !
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .
from the speakerphone that can be used up to 15 feet away with clarity , to the downloadable poly-graphic megatones that adds a personal touch to this nifty phone .
however , if you are keen , you can attach a camera to this phone .
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected it to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how it would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ) .
i became interested in getting a mp3 player when i got a new work computer ; while my office bars the addition of any non-work software , it does n't care if you load cds onto the hard drive .
i currently own an olympus d-550 which takes wonderful outdoor pictures .
that 's important because i have a lot of music .
you have to add them to the playing list .
as i travel quite a lot , i 'd want something with gsm as well as cdma tri-band .
4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying .
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .
keeps coming up with no disk errors .
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e. , mp3s ) .
i bought the player this week and i like it by far .
the sound quality is very good .
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
eg 60 $ for a plastic box to hold 4 aaa batteries to increase the use time past 6-8 hrs ( reviewers figures )
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it .
first let me give you the bad things :
i pulled out our old non-progressive scan toshiba , hooked it back-up and the " finding nemo " dvd works fine .
it is a good camera in terms of the function and quality , but take your chance with it because nikon absolutely sucks when it comes to customer service .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
picture this :
it is some protection for the unit , but for useability , forget it .
no matter the format .
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live albums or greatest hits albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ) .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
i have owned an apex ad-3201 for close to 3 years now and i love that deck .
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i.e. organizer ) , and the radio !
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
cons summary :
my dad also has an apex tv and it was another great value for the money .
this is ridiculous .
i needed something with more power , so i bought a nikon coolpix 4300 .
everyone complains about the non-replaceable battery , yet this is the price of sturdy construction .
value : comparing data storage with price .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
after looking over multiple large mp3 players , i decided to get this one .
i find all of the controls well-placed and not flimsy in the least .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
this is great as long as all of your music have id3 tags , and if you 've downloaded your songs off the internet , many probably do n't .
the 6610 is the actually the longest but they are all very small .
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
2 ) fm transmitter - so you can place the unit in your car and listen to the unit through your car stereo .
i have n't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
the remote is a little hard to understand .
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n't play today .
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
i hope my next player doesnt breakdown . .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
red chair 's notmad explorer is great & recommended by about every reviewer to repleace the creative jukebox software .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n't moving in time to the dialogue ) .
i can not say enough good things about the people who answer the phones .
which was a good thing , because i realized i had forgotten my phone ...
the other cameras were great and i 'm sure many people will beg to differ from my observations , but to each his / her own .
well i decided to get this one .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , i just wish there were more wap pages available .
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .
a 35 mm film camera captures the moments you want , while these digital cameras ( my friends now inform me ) all seem to capture the moment immediately following the one you asked to capture .
there are plenty other features that i have n't checked out , but i 'm sure i soon will .
ripping the songs , even with my 1.1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
it focuses in a snap .
subsequent behavior even worse .
i did not have a backup battery , and had no need for one .
boy was i wrong .
tech support could n't figure it out and gave up .
is this possible to fix , if so how , if not does notmad explorer from red chair software do this ?
press the p/n button located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
get it , it 's woth every penny ! !
it is a teeny phone , so it is hard to put a big mechanism in .
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .
plugged it in .
because other people that complain about this player are talking bull , this player is awesome , it just breaks fast , which is horrible .
had to cut out a window using a swiss army knife .
it comes with a 16mb flash card that you will need to upgrade !
i am very pleased with the apex ad2600.it plays just about anything you put in the drawer .
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( this is a free service ) with the click of a button .
can ' t complain and i recommend it over all the other players , just hope that remote will come out soon .
so when the quad bands start appearing i will be upgrading again .
so it is probably " just bad luck " on my part that the personal notebook i own had this install error .
i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times .
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
strike 1 .
2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations .
so i finally gave them a deadline which they said they could meet .
bought this product about a month ago and have used it in a variety of situations .
it lasted about 1-1/2 weeks .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thusfar ) .
go for it ...
before you try to return the player or waste hours calling apex tech support , or run the player over with your car , try these simple troubleshooting ideas first .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus .
you know why ?
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .
the quality is superb .
this camera performs like i can not believe !
i am returning it , and again in the market for a multiformat dvd , svcd , vcd , mp3 , etc. player .
get those mp3s off your hard drive , save space , and enjoy your massive music library .
it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
amazon was wonderful about picking it up the next day and paying for the return shipping .
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35 mm prints .
you can ' t simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in it .
then you can say , " my dissapointment only cost $ 39 . "
the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality .
the lense is a lot better , and the 4mb produce fantastic pictures .
even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 .
it sounds decent , but i would estimate you get maybe 80 % of the quality that you would from a true line out jack .
for simple point and shoot photography , consider a cheaper digital .
1 ) player is not plug and play - need to install nomad explorer first and mediasource to transfer files and i had to be patient as i was used to winxp detecting the player and dragging and dropping the music files into it .
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( i would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ) .
the phone is very light weight .
personally i believe it even outperforms the g2 in terms of less haze and astonishingly real colors .
mixed bag i guess but the price was right .
i do n't think so .
all and all , i am extremely pleased with this camera .
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
they refunded my $ $ $ so fast and paid for the shipping back .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
this was the closest alternative and best buy for this type .
just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has .
for those who are used to brass cameras that can be dropped , picking up a camera like the g3 is an unnerving experience .
i highly recommend it .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
one thing puzzles me is that for " fine and 2200 + " quality pictures , one ultra 256mb cf card can only hold 130-140 pics , but the size of the pictures are only around 1.2 mb , the math does not add up .
1 . creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; 3,400 tracks ; 12.5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ?
the canon g3 improves in almost all ways on the g1 and g2 before it , and in fact beats the nikon coolpix 5000 in performance ( picture quality and battery life ) -- which is amazing because the 5000 is a 5 megapixel camera and the canon is a 4 megapixel camera .
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but they keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
the manual does a fine job filling in any blanks that remain .
despite these grieps , i still recommend the camera .
otherwise , you 'll have to mess around a lot with filenames inside the ( decent ) nomad explorer , which is not fun at all .
i 've owned a panasonic and sony dvd and this one outperforms in function and image quality and most of all , access speed .
what task do they perform ?
many people recommended the ipod , and i borrowed one from a friend .
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .
difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate .
player has a problem with dual-layer dvd 's such as alias season 1 and season 2 .
if the dvd is stopped , it will display " playback only " .
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push it .
this is the perfect camera for a photo hobbiest who wants to have easy point and shoot ability as well .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
the button was probably accidentally pushed to cause the black screen in the first place .
you feel like you are holding something of substance , not some cheap plastic toy .
3 . the remote capture and fileviewer software bundled for photo capture is mind-blowing .
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .
how does it sound ?
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles those demands without problems .
had this been my only dvd player , though , it would have been a real problem .
i bought this as a gift for my sister .
i bought the apex ad-2600 dvd player for the family for christmas .
notmad worked right away after install and it is what i would like to see from the product .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
has 4x optical zoom which is higher than any other in the same price range .
the dvd player is fine .
meaning i do n't have to manually clear the list , and then load the new list .
my brother bought an ipod this past summer and my dad bought the original zen around the same time . .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
i have yet to try using all of the adjustment options : shutter priority , aperature priority , light metering adjustments , etc. , but all controls are well thought out and and the manual is relatively clear .
i guess that 's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
now i may buy two !
i can routinely talk on the phone in my house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
it requires significant force to operate which can be scary on such a small phone .
they were n't busy enough to charge the credit card , though !
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
hope someone else has better luck !
i bought myself an rca mp3-cd player , and i 'm happy with that until a cheap , worthwhile mp3 player coomes out .
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .
i refused to go for an ipod , i am not going to spend all that money just for the apple name and because it is " trendy " to have that player .
got way too many blurry pictures .
you can edit the genres once the songs are on the play if you decide to re-classify things later .
this can be done on a song by song basis or in mass .
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
sure , i adjusted the film speed to 400 .
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
can ' t beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
if you are out for an mp3 player with a lot of memory and do not want to spend a ton of money , i think this is a great purchase and strongly recommend it .
but there are faceplates to replace it i guess ...
it is small .
the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n't as easy as the ipod 's , or as " sexy " looking .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
i returned to the store , whereupon the clerk insisted that he could make it work ; he could n't .
i can ' t simply bring up my entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next .
little inconveinent , but unlike other players i only paid 40 $ .
i was immediately interested in the 6610 .
the software could n't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
also , there is the need to send the ipod to replace the batteries when they die ( which they will ) .
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
small size .
2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
hence i decided to spring for a point-and-shoot digicam that that would have features that would let me get around their inherent limitations .
my goal of using it as a music player * and * data storage device has not been met ; do n't make the same mistake .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
nokia seems on a campaign to revamp the phone keypad , which imho is totally unnecessary .
otherwise it 'll get there the day you get back from the hospital !
dim or bright , it would never take a picture after the birthday candles had blown out , after the tae kwon do kick broke the board .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
the battery is replaceable ( a real plus ) and there is a leather case ( another real plus ) .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice versa ) was easy too .
the t610 has the most functionality hands down .
i purchased a jukebox 3 from creative almost a year ago .
if no problems occur with replacement unit i will keep the 4 star rating .
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
it 's only slightly heavier than the ipod , and has a longer battery life .
if something were to happen to my nikon coolpix 4300 , i would order another just like it .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you 'll get more tunes stored on it .
was it a full moon that night ?
many before me have done that already .
( i would have appreciated having a firewire plug , however )
i particularly like the " txt " file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take .
the device is larger than an ipod of similar capacity .
i received this dvd player free with the purchase of a palm tungsten e from officemax .
i did extensive research before chosing the g3 but there 's nothing like picking one up and playing with it first .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
honestly , i love this player .
i can ' t comment on the quality of the audio , because it was back at the store before i ripped a single cd .
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
besides user error ( surprise , surprise ) , it 's hard to imagine people having trouble with either .
recent price drops have made the g3 the best bargain in digital cameras currently available .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
the fm radio is cool .
noiseless , light weight and oh yeah .
furher it contains a card reader , a flash card folder for up to 8 cards , a lense cleaning rag , and an ac adapter , which is very helpful when working in an " outlet environment " .
you can also slow a song down & speed it up , which is cool too .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing !
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is a snap .
based on my used , 1 full charge was enough for at least 255 shots .
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .
the compact digital camera is especially useful if you have little children around and you can always take the camera with you and take many pictures of them .
please consider this much superior piece of equipment before plopping down half a grand for an ipod .
5 two different adapters -- ur-e 4 and ur-e 7 -- are required for some attachment lenses .
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years .
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours !
it 's a shame , but mine is going back .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
apple 's ipod is dominant now , but i have to wonder whether the price differential will mean that in 3 or 4 years its market share will drop significantly .
nokia does not disappoint in this model .
so now i keep it in my pocket .
song transfers were not an issue .
i do n't care how it looks and i always drive so the size is not important to me .
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can ' t create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .
you 're talking totally different hardware .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street . . .
it has a 3x optical zoom , which is average for these cameras .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
i ordered 2 .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all my dvds , and now the player can ' t play everything .
i went to an at &#38; t store before i bought this phone to see if it was possible to get corporate email with any of their services and they looked at me like i had three heads .
was i just unlucky at that moment ?
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .
huge storage space - even at 320kbs , you can store a ton of songs on this thing .
alright , well i read alot of these reviews , and i read alot of bad and good things about this player .
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
accept that there will be better devices ( or new generations of these ones ) in a year or two that will cost less .
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
i researched , held , tested , and observed 3 different brands .
i looked up the ipod , the dell jukebox , and the samsung napster player .
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
this is rarely a problem with any kind of popular music , but can be troublesome with classical music where tracks are identified by tempi .
the trouble shooting section in the user 's manual , suggesting correct and secure connections , does n't help .
my first impression was positive .
the dvd played without flaw through the chapter in question .
i probably would have liked to have a player in something other than silver / metallic ... like the battery adapters on their usb thumbdrive ( muvo nx ) mp3 player models .
they said it is in stock , but they are " too busy " .
it always pays off .
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .
also , the display is " hinged " and it can be placed in a myriad of positions , or to protect it against any damage .
the radio :
every time nomad thinks the file is corrupt the os freezes .
i give it 10 stars !
the speakerphone :
overall it is the best camera on the market .
even at the " normal " setting , a 8x10 print ! shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a " digital " .
buy an extra battery - life is good but still somewhat short .
my cuzin got an ipod and i wo n't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
connecting the same outputs to a video card in my computer , there was sound but still no picture .
otherwise , be smart , save the cash .
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
with the automatic settings , i really have n't taken a bad picture yet .
it has never worked .
if you are planning to buy that player , do not !
consider the time you save during picture taking especially not missing a good moment and during download , it 's well worth the little extra money .
hope i helped !
i also did n't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
it has a nice color screen .
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
-- an event that involves dogs running and jumping hurdles .
if you have a lot of those , be prepared to convert to mp3 .
at least once youve got focus lock , the shutter release lag time for the g3 is about 1/10 of a second , which from what ive read , is better than just about anything else available .
the 30gb zen xtra rocks my socks , spills my beer , but does n't wash my car .
the little digital elphs were the best-designed , most-elegant cameras until the g3 came along and squashed them .
i dare you to surf the net and find the code .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
learning how to use it will not take very long .
one major complaint :
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
i did n't had any problem till now .
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .
it will read and play all cd audio disc .
so then i came across the ipod ( 10 gb ) .
it worked .
i finally joined the 21st century and bought this dvd player .
i 've picked up a few accessories that i found to be useful .
i would be nice to have a simple fm receiver so i could pick up local stations .
the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
from a dime store disposable to a top of the line eos , all film cameras share this ability to capture the moment you tell them to .
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .
in general it is easy to use and well laid out .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
i love the eos based controls and easy menus .
however , it serves its purpose .
the workaround is to update id3 tags on your files ( through mediasource ) but it can be a hassle if you have many such music files .
canon was an obvious choice , but i did not want to limit my decision , so started researching all brands that would take my microdrives .
i paid $ 49 and now it 's $ 125 !
and you get about 120 images on a 256mb card at highest quality .
creative software stinks .
if you can afford this camera , you can afford to get a better strap elsewhere - a very minor quibble .
i am surprised amazon still carries this after all of the continued problems .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n't give it up for anything .
we did n't get to use it again for over a month ( sad , i know ) .
i know there are five mp cameras out there , but this thing does just fine for me .
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update that was available on their website .
do n't buy this player .
their customer service is very poor .
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
the massive phonebook can hold 300 entries , with multiple phone number per entry , so you can program your boss 's home , work and cellphone numbers all under one contact .
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted it ! !
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !
i believe this is enabled by a second file that comes out of the camera that stores all this information .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so we can spam your inbox " .
and it holds sooooo much music and audio files .
i 'm live in brazil and i need very to buy this product without a plan to use in here in other operators .
the cd will be classified into a number of genres , and in multidisk sets , you can get separate classifications for different disks by the same artist and the same performance .
i set the camera to the " manual " mode for one main reason :
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
i 've had it for a week now , do n't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in my state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
sometimes when i get really lonely , i like to put on some kenny g and light some candles , and while this does n't help , i am a capitalist pig and like buying things too , nah mean ! ?
i have but plan on selling my rebel ti and all of the equipment with it .
there are so many functions in this little , yet powerful camera !
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
- the controls are much inferior to the simple ipod ones .
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
i was cruising around the device within 20 minutes .
it 's very sleek looking with a very good front panel button layout , and it has a great feature set .
after doing a hands-on comparison between the nikon coolpix 5700 and sony dsc-f 717 ( both of which lack the quality , feel , or features of the g3 ) , i ultimately chose the g3 because of its outstanding image quality ( resolution and coloration are superior ) .
i would recommend doing the upgrade to be sure you have the best chance at trouble free operation .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38; very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
games are ok for a cell phone , but mp3 's are for music .
many reviewers refer to it as " clunky " or " difficult " - heed their warnings .
i recieved the camera , inserted a larger cf card , charged the battery , and handed it to my wife .
consider it for a future gift too !
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used .
do n't waste your time , engery , resources on this thing , just spend a little more for a far more functional ipod .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces ... no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it did n't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ) .
i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus .
and does n't need to be placed in a cabinet like the 1201 does .
the storage capacity is great .
the prints are beautiful !
i am crossing my finger and wish they will fix the problem .
for those of you who already bought this camera , i suggest you buy a hi-ti dye-sub photo printer .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wa n't up to the task .
however , i do n't know the dvd 's performance on a heavy load of every-day viewing .
do n't waste time looking at anything else , just buy this one .
but for someone who cares about thier music collection and wants fluid and responsive playback . . . i can ' t recommend this product .
- the software that came with it was tough to load .
a couple of online camera review sites were extremely helpful , as they provided complete exhaustive reviews of nearly every camera made , plus provided a great number of high resolution sample images to compare amongst the models .
for three months , i 've researched the internet and magazines , queried various sales personnel , and took hands-on in-store test drives .
just maintain them ( phonebook , calendar and to-do list ) in ms outlook or lotus notes and transfer data back and forth .
i do n't really like bounce .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
" when will my t-zones work ? " , csr :
the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! ! !
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc .
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic !
i challenge anyone ( who is not in direct sun at the beach at noon ) to say it is fast and responsive .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole it is excellent .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
bluetooth functionality would have made the phone even better .
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
if you thought about getting this phone buy it .
it is small overall , bigger than the ipod , but keep in mind that this is because different , less expensive but not necessarily inferior technology is used in the zx .
but do not assume , as i did , that the g3 has the same ability as [ your current film camera ] to stop the moment you choose .
with canon , you get pictures that appear to be photos , not still camcorder shots .
songs are recognized automatically by id3 tags , which at first i was against since i had organized my files by folder with a previous player from iriver .
despite all the hype about ipods , i knew i wanted something different , because i wanted more storage than the ipod i could afford would offer , and because i wanted more flexibility in where i purchased music online .
i did already have mediasource installed due to owning the creative audigy 2 soundcard but i did need to re-install it from the supplied cd as the older version did not have the connector to the zen .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage my mp3 library with this device .
the pros and cons of it :
it 's been so long since i 've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
whether you are a novice or an expert , its ease of use and functionality goes together .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
i changed video cables , tried connecting to tv on input1 and input2 but no help .
after reading several other reviews this appears to be relatively common .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
2 . i did not want a very small camera as it seems to get lost in my hands and i was n't comfortable with that .
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www.crazycellphone.com
the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
lot 's of other features that i need to find out about .
while it is true that it will stand on end , it is also easy to knock over that way .
the light auto-correction is awesome .
and really this is the best phone one could have .
some dvd 's i rented would not play .
here are the pros and cons ( few there are ) in detail :
ps : ( mediasource provides similar functions with ms mediaplay such like cd ripping , tagging , music database managing , music file transfering , and more )
but make sure to buy a tripod and separate flash unit at the same time : you 'll see the difference in your photos immediately .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd 's ) .
if you 're a bargain hunter and you want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
i recently bought this after my archos 20 multimedia self-destructed ( do n't get me started on that piece of junk ! ) and expected it to be flawless .
i would not give up this phone for the world .
a card with more memory is a must .
thank you very much , and go out and get yourself a nomad !
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but onfull size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
everything else about the camera is great .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is an improvement , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
you also have to set the g3 to second shutter sync , which is what youd want to do most of the time anyhow .
it also covers over the power jack when closed .
while the ipod 's form factor is much nicer , here 's where the zen is better .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged my complaint with the bbb .
the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
the physical appearance of this apex compared to one previous ( ad1100w ) is most appreciated .
for me on the fine resolution setting ( not maximum but very close ) this adds up to over 1000 images with the 1 gig card .
i am a business user who heavily depend on mobile service .
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ) .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
i 've had no problem with canon whatsoever .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
it is very simple to import via iphoto 2 and then move them to photoshop .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
this explains why you see what appears to be such weird pricing on mp3 players .
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
it only took me about 10 seconds to transfer a 200mb file .
the two cameras are very similar in functionality and pricing .
basically u can see that i have given the player 3 stars , instead of 1 .
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .
speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . )
you can also search for your song , which is good .
so buy the g3 .
i was perfectly happy with my g2 , so why did i trade up to the g3 ?
if you plan to carry the device around ( it is a mobile device , right ? ) then this is something you might want to think about .
the upgrade went smoothly and was easy to do if you can follow directions .
the loud speaker function on the 6610 is great because you do n't need to put your phone right next to your ear to talk .
. if you want to have the date ; time on the image , its only through their software " nikon view " which reads the images date ; time from the images meta-data .
4 mp gives you room for the future gaining experience ; cost offsets over time from wanting more in a camera , 3x optical and the fact that it carries nikon 's quality reputation behind it make the whole package prove itself worthwile at the price .
first of all , let 's start with my needs : 1 $ 500 budget 2 4mp resolution , 3 optical clarity and color , 4 fast - very little shutter lag and quick sep-up for next picture , 5 compact size , and 6 good camera grip to minimize camera shake .
that 's been my experience .
the s105 ( samsung ) has a beautiful big display ( 65,000 colors ) , and i can ' t say much about the motorolla .
the other controls are all very easy to use .
i am back to using # 1 .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35 mm .
the camera was a marvel .
have had problems since the first day
usb 2.0 - very fast
5 ) lack of good accessories - this is more of an oversight of creative 's marketing .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
lastly , ipod / itunes will not play wma formatted songs .
had no problem with it .
the auto setting does a great job most of the time but there are manual settings for those who want them .
pictures produced by the minolta were orange but not blurry .
i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it !
this thing is trash .
fair warning - do not buy .
d ) software is another great misfortune -- hard to operate , crashes frequently , screwed my music library up , doesnt work with mp4s , the list goes on and on
games kind of stink and you cant download them you have to get the link cable to get additional games .
i 'm one of those people that can only concentrate on one screen at a time so i 've been having trouble paying attention to the little display panel on top , but that does n't stop me from loving this camera .
once i got home with it i had to first install creative mediasource and figure out how it transferred files to the player .
or save time and just do it , you wo n't regret it .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
i was able to improve things a bit by using the units equalizer and boosting the base .
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it 's fast too ! )
whereas some folks have the " ipod " , i have the " nomad jukebox zen xtra " ( not to be confused with the " nomad jukebox zen nx " ) .
i 've even had one friend buy one immediately after a test drive .
the sound is excellent , the battery life is excellent , the fact that the battery is replacable is excellent , and finally the price , $ 200 cheaper than the 40gb ipod , is excellent .
is eax faulty ?
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
they look fantastic .
well in the beginning i was asking around for mp3 players .
first , the player did not allow me to access the menus of dvds .
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ) .
however , it seems that this is the general rule for most digital cameras .
it is less versatile , but i am never disappointed with the output .
i have had no problems with the phone .
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs .
then sorting the files is easy as pie .
i believe the napster mp3 player has this feature .
the controls definately took some getting used to .
i 'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
no issues as of yet
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the fact that the phone does have voice dialing .
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
wo n't play a lot of discs .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
one big difference between the 1201 and the 2600 models is that the 2600 model is virtually silent .
these are the reasons i think it 's great :
for work , we use them in the field often , and they hold up really well .
i originally purchase a 30 gb nomad zen xtra as a portable mp3 player .
i also got myself a 512mb viking compact flash ( enough for 255 shots at full 4mp resolution and max picture quality ) and a used $ 250 3 lb subnotebook with usb connection and tons of hard drive space for long trips so i can verify what i 've taken and that subnotebook also saves me from having to buy extra compactflash .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with them .
before i decided to get this player , i did my research .
i had been comparing the 3650 , 3560 and the 3595 but could n't settle ... then along came the 6610 , which was perfect for me .
using this method , i have not once encountered a situation where a track was rejected , and i have plenty of duplicate tracks on live and compilation albums .
a disipointed customer .
had it for a week .
her main focus was having a camera that is easy to understand and use .
i have a 128mb card in it and can shoot over 150 hi res photos .
once i actually got to an answering machine and left a message .
again , the ipod is a beautiful thing to look at and touch , player controls are less functional .
( batteries last longer too ! )
it makes the dvd player to switch between interlace mode and progressive scan mode .
this camera has significantly more noise at iso 100 than the nikon 4500 .
i have a 120 gb remote drive i use to store my digital images :
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone elses is too .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
that was n't pretty .
oh well . .
the menu allows you to search for files by artist , genre , and album quite easily .
that said , they are pretty sturdy machines and i would n't let this dissuade you from getting an mp3 with a lot of memory .
pros summary :
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
although i find it more convenient to use 1-touch dialing , this phone does not have voice dialing .
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .
you can stop playback by pressing 2 buttons , first the pause button , then the " next track " or " previous track " button .
1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility .
for most people , they can carry around all or almost all of their music collection .
which means that in trying to save a few hundred dollars , i 'll end up spending more than twice that .
third , the poor design continues with the case .
here 's what you may miss or be annoyed by with this camera :
the ipod also does not let you see what 's coming up next on the player .
we got a familyplan from t-mobile which saves us tons .
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 . . .
if you can get this phone for cingular or at & t , go with the other carriers .
in any other mode it autofocuses continuously and burns batteries .
this means that you will have the nomad long enough to load a lot of music on to it , and get used to having it .
in the coastal redwood forests i was able to use these additional features along with the macro-focussing option to shoot wonderful close-up photos of the trilliums and other flowers in bloom .
the battery life is amazing .
you wo n't appreciate the quality this thing has to offer unless you are using a good set of cans .
3 it is very compact but the controls are so well designed that they 're still easy to use .
creative are * the * sound people for computers , i can ' t understand why eax would introduce static .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but my feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
this is not a player you can take jogging .
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !
you can even take a picture of yourself while looking at the lcd .
it 's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice .
i personally am not crazy about the looks of either the ipod or the nomad .
this was not a problem for me as most of my collection was ripped from my own cds and i updated the id3 tags on my downloaded music .
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it has n't done it since .
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close it to get back to the dvd menu .
do n't drop this unit :
the 60 ct-4 flash head can actually be reversed 180 degrees and then tilted , enabling you to bounce the flash off the walls behind you .
both creative and third-party powered speakers work great , as do third-party wireless transmitters .
a similarily priced 15gb ipod would n't have been nearly enough room .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
but there are two things i do n't like about the camera that were not mentioned in any previous reviews .
however , using the lcd seems to eliminate this minor problem .
luckily i also have a ps2 which can play those episodes the player can ' t .
i intend to contact the company , but from what i 've read .
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n't always accurate .
having said that , this is what you do . " add to cart " !
i wish it would do the same for movies , but that 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
the software lets you pop in a cd and then scans the internet to name the artist , track name and album name .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ;
you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus .
having 4000 or so mp3s , i never got more than 500 transfered .
always remember , cameras do n't take great pictures , people do !
to my ears , a 160 kbps wma file sounds just as good as the source cd , and the zen xtra sounds just as good as a portable cd player .
beats that sony f717 ; its archrival .
it is a very amazing product .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate . . .
* main dial is not backlit .
then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts them on your computer .
it 's worth it .
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well recored mp3s .
think you need to pay a fortune for a good qulaity dvd player ?
looks ok - very shiny chrome and mirrors .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
you will find it very hard or impossible to get you money back .
and so far , i 've been very pleased .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
the only two minor issues i have with the camera are the lens cap ( it is not very snug and can come off too easily ) and the lens itself ( it partially obstructs the view through the viewfinder but not views through the lcd ) .
before i " get used to it " , here are my first feelings :
i have one thing to say to the numbskulls who complain that this camera 's controls are confusing and hard to remember :
like i said , when the moment is gone , it is gone .
if you watch one dvd per weekm its yours .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with it .
my recommendation is to wait on buying one from this company as they will surely get sent a message of many returned dvd players after christmas 2003 .
if my level of care was n't good enough , i had to expect that even if i paid to have it fixed it would break again in a month or two .
get better headphones .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
it is exceedingly simple to navigate around in this device .
in short , this player is good at size , value , hardware design but really bad at its software
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
for more info on digital cameras , go to dpreviews .
very bad quality .
the objections of the naysayers almost caused me to purchase a different camera , but , in the end , i figured i 'd give the g3 a try .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road !
you have to buy better ones .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n't complicated to learn at all .
the phone does have voice dialing according to amazon & t-mobile and nokia .
the controls are somewhat harder to use , and there are some oddities about the software tagging system , but most people can live with this .
we hardly ever have to charge them , get great reception ( live in chicago ) , and the customization and applications are awesome .
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .
i think for about $ 40 more , you can probably find a much better dvd player than this though .
the explorer program did shut down a couple times while i was renaming titles and changing genres but i did n't have to reboot the computer or anything , just open up explorer again .
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
the top did not fit well into the unit . ( felt defective )
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
that 's what i did and hopes this helps .
my room is so dark and when i tried taking pics of it with my old camera , they came out black , but with this , they look the same in the picture as in real life .
this is unnecessary with id3 tags but people who like to organize their music in folders will not like the zen as the audio files do not allow subfolders but rely on id3 tags .
when you load a disc , you go to an internet cite for the insertion of the names for the cd and the tracks .
* eax equalizer accentuates dimished quality of mp3 files .
often i fill i need to have better organization for the library and there is not enought of variables .
a. the cddb downloads information for the cd that you insert such that you do not have to type in the track information such as album , artist , song title , etc .
the phone would have received 5 stars if the phone had voice dialing and the game downloads from t-zones worked .
however , i do n't like to carry it on my belt because the clip is n't secure and the case can slip off .
reason for two ?
sent mine back .
also , the nomad 's 14 hours of battery life versus 8 is handy .
take the time to fill in those tags !
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n't be easier to use .
if you purchase this product , definitely rip your songs through windows media player .
i called them twice and both times they said it is " about to ship " .
like some other reviewers , i recieved this phone using t-mobiles upgrade program .
the warranty is 90 days .
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sais , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .
my one recommendation to creative is to get some marketing people to work on the names of these things .
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
that 's my only real complaint about the nomad zen xtra , though .
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
i have not used the progressive scan feature .
i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots .
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as it arrived from amazon , so you do n't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
i was watching pirates of the caribbean and decided to watch the extras disc .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let 's face it - they can ' t be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with my purchase , until last night .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 !
i can ' t rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
also , if you 're an audiophile , you 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
if you buy a creative mp3 player , be sure to get the optional extended warranty .
all the buttons & neccessary lil ' gadgets are on the sides of the player which is nice for when you are holding it in the palm of your hand .
the customer service dept did not list a toll free number and it was a real hassle to get through on their regular line .
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest .
controls easy yo use and easy to get to .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
also have had it lock up when i shut it down to attend to a phone call .
highly recommended .
btw , be sure to have your mp3 tags labled correctly , as this will ensure a great organization .
if you tossed it out the window , you need to fetch it .
most of them are already switched to apex and they are happy .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like them .
the menus are very easy to navigate .
the description of the warranty is buried on the supplied set up cd .
minor gripe .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
with an extra battery and a couple of good sized memory cards you are all set for a day of picture taking while on vacation .
i like to play my music by album and the nomad jukebox plays the songs in the same order as the actual cd .
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
rather than creating a directory for bookmarks to be found in one area , the user must actually find the track where the bookmark was made . .
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem .
the camera arrived on time and in perfect condition .
7 ) some people have problems with the flip switch on the bottom that releases the player cover - has not been an issue for me and is immaterial if you use the case as the case covers the switch .
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
the auto-mode is good enough for most shots but the 4300 also boasts 12 versatile scene modes as well as a manual mode though i admit i have n't played with it too much on manual .
i would recommend against using id3v2 tags , and stick with id3v1 only .
it has 2 games .
4 ) the great thing about digital , in general , is that you can generally see the results of your exposure settings on the lcd screen before you take the picture , not two weeks later when you get the film developed .
the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone " unlike the nokia 3650 " and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make ...
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that 's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
- the drawbacks were that they were not user friendly for the casual photographer , the lcd screen is a little too small , cp5000 does not take photos in raw format .
worth every penny !
but it works perfectly fine on my parent 's computer .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .
so what 's the point ?
lastly , the price is fantastic :
most of our emplyees use this model phone .
you can ' t find the mpeg playback on high priced units .
for the money , get a better quality player .
i can ' t believe people continue to pay those prices .
i was limited to 999 files in a playlist with archos ' os , now i can have as many as i want .
maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing .
i can imagine that they 'd fill up my ibook 's internal memory pretty quickly .
after the first one fatally crashed , the replacement did not work .
the volume level of the phone is not all that good .
second , the menu system and controls are poorly designed .
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for that ) .
my gut tells me i 'll also end up buying an ipod .
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
but the earbuds suck !
for me , i 'll save that cash for another purchase .
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
remote : you can stand it on end ( harder to lose ) , and it 's far better designed than the 1100s .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
flash - as with all built-in flashes in small cameras , you get overilluminated main subjects with depth being lost .
features that would have been nice :
once again , the sound is awesome , the batter life is only 6-8 hours , and that is because all my music is 320 kbps which does affect the battery life .
the quick sync is n't any good becuase it either needs to be configured properly or just is n't very useful .
i got this camera about a month ago and i can ' t put it down .
i purchased it from amazon on a since discontinued promotion .
the compact flash is delicate and i hate to swap it in fear on the connetions ( camera and cf ) bending ( can lead to cf erros ) or losing it .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to manuver through the menus quickly .
4 ) a set of speakers and a wireless transmitter are accessories that will add to your player 's usability ( the latter will allow you to play it on your car radio , home receiver , etc. )
there is usb , though .
night mode is clear as day .
it comes with a clearly written manual and the learning curve is not too too steep .
this would not be a great problem if you did n't have so much info to scroll through on a regular basis .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
after fiddling around with it for a while , i notice a few dissapointments :
i am still trying to figure out the may options it has .
now that i own it , however , i can ' t imagine being without it !
if you 're seeking that elusive state of photographic euphoria that is free of buyer 's remorse and filled with cool , then travel to the world of the coolpix 4300 !
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
i would suspect that there are similar problems with all of the other brands as this is somewhat new technology .
in my case , the bill was $ 81 , about a third of what i paid for it .
seemed like a good deal , but this pos frequently can not recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , " no disc " .
only the cheap and poor would buy one .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
how easy is it for me to get to a certain menu ?
great screen and great sound .
( i had no problems since i did this but there seem to be a couple of very bitter reviews further down - maybe they did not do this or maybe there are some very sad ipod owners since they all recomend it instead ) .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
the headphone jack acts as a pseudo line out jack .
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .
have had the player since xmass and love it !
here are the shortcomings i have noticed so far :
this is a wonderful camera .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1-1/2 years ago .
anyway , on with the review .
now i can always be in contact .
but you might find my review useful , nonetheless .
video output stopped workin .
this was quickly and easily fixed by going to the creative web site and downloaded then installed the updated driver .
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .
- price : see above .
somewhat disappointed that i could not " hook up " to my sony multi brand remote commander .
i have n't had time to really push this player to the limit , but audio aspects on the nomad are satisfactory , as should be expected from creative labs .
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good !
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n't notice after first day .
so far the software for the pc works easily .
all-in-all , i believe this is arguably the best non-slr digital camera on the market .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player !
i love my g2 so thought i would upgrade .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do it 's job .
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there .
comes with a 16 mb compact flash and one rechargable battery the charging unit , included , is fast and small .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .
also , it was only $ 39.99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .
my wife , who has never used a camera before , picked it up and soon got the hang of the fact that if you do n't like what you have created you just delete and try again .
picture scrolling in b/w :
the motorolla phone have a horrible battery which lasts about a day ( although i heard that the motorolla t722i has a much longer battery life ) .
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www.ipodsdirtysecret.com .
one little minor flaw with this camera is that the lens is visible in the viewfinder , but does not detract from the image at all .
one beef is the scroll , it does n't work as well as i 'd like .
also , the sound is wonderful ... my only gripe were those aweful earphones that this came with .
pictures produced by the panasonic were excellent .
with this mp3 player you get much more memory for much less than an ipod .
i have windows xp pro and when installing the enclosed software i did receive a message that there was a problem installing the driver .
if you want a quality mp3 player , splurge on an ipod .
i was a little disappointed in the low end .
this is nothing new , every mp3 player , memory card , etc. , used for digital media today has some kind of preloaded operating software on it .
rather heavy for point and shoot but a great camera for semi pros .
this phone is great as a whole and is not like others with one or two good qualities .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz . and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
i have had this dvd player for about 3 months now .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about it .
i 'll state up front that i do not own a zen xtra and have not used one at all .
i always research electronics online before i buy because even within the same company , some models are better than others .
from what i 've heard it 's at least equal .
like others have mentioned , you can manage to hear new things in songs even though they 're on lower bit levels .
customer service and technical support are overloaded and nonresponsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
the features are really cool like the radio .
this model has come down in price since i purchased mine .
after finally stumbling upon this zen nx player , i knew i had found what i was looking for .
these problems were consistent , and also not present on another dvd player .
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
i bought an ipod and am very happy with it .
needless to say , the canon won , hands down .
if problem occurs again i will repost my new rating .
only con i can think of is no camera ... .
i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem .
final verdict :
i leave the adapter and uv filter on all the time .
but who cares ?
zens rule .
the phones are awesome .
prior to the purchase , none of my digital camera friends mentioned the delay between pressing the shutter button and the camera taking the picture .
the nikon 's are great cameras .
" i 'm not sure " . ) .
got it for christmas , still learning a few of the settings , but i do n't take pictures every single day .
this might happen if you get too close to the subject and you are not bounce-flashing , or if you are bounce flashing and the walls are simply too far away .
i have 100 of my cd 's transferred and have n't made a dent in the 30 gb drive .
so , it 's a good idea to purchase an extra battery to insure that you are not left hanging .
be advised , however , that you may encounter problems .
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
