the only thing that i do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that i want to be able to run and i am not able to .
i had to call hp and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
i 'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba .
it 's outstanding too .
it will make life so much easier next semester , just wish i had it last semester !!
if you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of win 7 and grab a 2gb stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
not even safe mode boots .
i do find that my macbook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal pc especially if you enjoy technology , downloading pictures and graphic design .
the laptop is gorgeous .
i was n't really sure i wanted to spend that kind of money !
in due course , i 'll remove the hard disc from this new macbook pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
a great computer for light home use and business use .
not good for a person who gets online daily .
you will not be able to talk to an american warranty service is out of country .
on the bright side at least i was n't without my laptop for long this time !
it has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
it 's so quick and responsive that it makes working / surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
i would easly recommend this laptop to a friend .
i am very pleased with my purchase !
this computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse .
instead , i 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which mac to buy .
the mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average pc , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
i bought a hp pavilion dv4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
however , you have to adjust yourself to what it will do , not what you want it to do .
this item is a beautiful piece , it works well , it is easy to carry and handle .
anyone who is considering buying an acer computer of any sort , i seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand .
iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
they removed them and returned the computer to me .
toshiba has a good reputation , my last computer was an acer .
it was super easy to set up and is really easy to get used to .
i am very satisfied with the mini .
2 ) blue screen first month
very very disappointed !
the laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
i already own an iphone , and so the move just made more sense .
i could have purchased a cheap computer to do what i 'm doing now !
as a user of a pc , i will will admit that the macbook pro has a better running system in which i found myself " getting the job done quicker .
yes , a mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
- estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
i did not have to call the support line at all .
it 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
bigger hd , better graphics card , and a bid hd .
this macbook pro is fast , powerful , and runs super quiet and cool .
so this is very good computer and i highly suggest it .
i like the operating system .
it does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
after much effort and 10 days asus replaced it the wifi is very weak .
i feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it .
it is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
after that i turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
i had read online that some users were having sound problems .
the new macbook is light-years ahead of my old white plastic macbook circa 2006 .
do n't waste your money !
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc. ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
i was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it .
i am so addict to this laptop .
two , owning a 17 inch mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
it 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
have one myself and love it !
i also like the acer arcade but these were really the only two things i liked about this laptop .
i took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
so much faster and sleeker looking .
fan noise : the fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
i have had a black macbook since 2007 .
another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
my wife recently purchased an apple macbook pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
i know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
this laptop has only 2 usb ports , and they are both on the same side .
do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
i will be patient for few months .
i decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for xmas .
with in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down .
the newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
it took toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
he said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue .
it is very slim , the track pad is very much impressed with me .
but for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the pc 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
pairing it with an iphone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
also the display is exceptional !
i purchased this netbook after my original toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
will probably never buy a hp again .
it still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so i would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
but with a way bigger screen , and is able to connect to an hdmi .
all apple associates are always willing to help you out with anything , no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed .
and the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
within a few hours i was using the gestures unconsciously .
the first program i switched on was a game for my children .
then hp sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
a * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
this comes in very handy for me as an educator .
i have had a mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to pc .
this is one of the reasons i purchased it .
all the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
i wish i would have taken the plunge years ago .
unfortunately , it runs xp and microsoft is dropping support next april .
yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
registration/1st use is easy .
why not 5 stars ?
enjoy that toshiba force and durability unparalleled
great performance and quality .
so having the ac plug go out on me and get lose or i could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
when calling dell for help , return , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
i know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
great battery , speed , display .
i took it in to the apple store and guess what ? they fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
there is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
i had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
the paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
i was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , i took it for granted that these features were standard .
the apple mc371ll/a 2.4 ghz 15.4-inch macbook pro notebook is a horrible waste of money .
i could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
the os is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
( i definatly ca n't ) .
very happy .
the machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
the real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
i love the way the entire suite of software works together .
i sent it back to toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
keyboard is reasonable size .
it came in brand new and works perfectly .
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
at first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
so i got another netbook which i love !
i ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back , but the return calls never came .
sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
i can say that i am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
i 'm very disappointed in dell .
again i sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is .
* 5 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer .
once again , i was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
i can not be happier with the service or product .
thanks , macconnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
the one thing i wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
i love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new toshiba works great on both !
this mac mini makes the macbook pro seem slow .
i definitely will buy a mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
i had static in the output , and i had to reduce the sound output quality to " fm " as opposed to the default " cd .
can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
the brand is tarnished in my heart .
it has a very high performance , just for what i needed for .
and if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
but other then that i would give this product a 4 in hafe stars .
images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode .
i like to use it at the race track to handicap the horse races .
overall for the money this is a good deal .
perfect for all my graphic design classes i 'm taking this year in college : - )
great things come in small " packages .
it is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
screen is crystal clear , yes it 's small - but it 's a netbook !
got this mac mini with os x mountain lion for my wife .
you can do absolutely anything and is very fast and stylish .
the macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day i turn it on , no gui , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
it is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
so when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
it is the perfect size and speed for me .
however the frozen screens kept happening .
me and my boyfriend bought the gateway nv78 in nov of 09 .
one year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts i have given up on trying to fix it .
then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
i 'm just really happy that i waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
and that probably explains why i 've already had my sata controller go bad within a year of buying it .
the mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
the store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the hp brand because of the problems with their warranty .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
there is nothing to complain about the system .
it has come into good use for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for gaming .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
gave phone number .
i bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around .
mac is not made for gaming .
it 's super fast and a great value for the price !
the apple will run internet explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
i would recommend this product .
or the cursor would show up some place else .
stay away from envy .
my bag just got a little lighter .
it played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
- apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
i am still in the process of learning about its features .
got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
this has happened three times so far .
i have n't tried the one with retina display ... maybe in the future .
we decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
if your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
i can have both osx and windows xp running at the same time !
i love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install mozilla firefox i love every single bit about it .
i actually believe the issue is with the nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
never been happier using computer .
the service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
i go to purchase it on line , and i find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
otherwise , all other features are a 1
now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
i am stuck with a laptop that i can not do very much with .
it has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
after 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
then , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
the reaction of toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
i love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention pc 's require .
this laptop leaves alot to be desired , i have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
however , there are major issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and usb ports inoperative .
i love the keyboard and the screen .
i like those programs better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well .
the superdrive is quiet .
hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
it 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
i went with him and we picked this one .
it is extremely fast and never lags .
i just ca n't fathom that the celebrated dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
i honestly love my mac , thats why i am a self proclaimed mac addict .
seems like maybe a bad shipment from toshiba .
this is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
the first time i used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
the little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
it 's wonderful for computer gaming .
i have had it for almost four years now and i have only had a few problems with it .
it is the best laptop ever !!!
if you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
i am replacing the hd with a micron ssd soon .
the materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
the computer did what it was not supposed to do , and i did n't know what to do ....
i am not happy with my purchase
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
this was an update from an early macbook pro .
however , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
we were occasional mac users before , but most recently owned a budget pc since it is what we could afford .
the track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking apple !
good laptop for the money .
one , owning a mac is essentially a full production studio ( in the case of a mac book a portable version ) .
highly recommend for daily use .
i eventually did the migration from my imac backup disc which uses usb .
so needless to day , i 'm not happy .
i bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch mouse stopped responding .
it has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
all the ports are much needed since this is my main computer .
the graphics and screen are stunning and although i was a pc person , i was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
completely worth every single penny dime and nickel .
i went to toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
i have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
my only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
i guess he was the technical person .
the computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my pc did , and i have all of the programs that were on my pc .
looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
i use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and hp , well , i 'll never buy or recommend an hp to anyone !
the battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were sol there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
the start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
only thing i would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
finally decided to try a mac because there were too many choices of which pc 's to buy and everyone who had a mac said " buy a mac " .
not enough time for me to give it 5 stars !
the screen is n't huge , but that does n't matter when i output media to the 50 inch lcd tv .
i would say that 85 % of the design industry is mac for good reason .
it also does not have bluetooth .
it is extremely portable and easily connects to wifi at the library and elsewhere .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from pc ;
it is held in place magnetically .
i think it was seventy nine plus tax .
i am loving the fast performance also .
it is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
it is very fast and has everything that i need except for a word program .
it completely supports my home business and personal life .
good for every day computing and web browsing .
i 've always used pc 's for work home and this is my first experience with a mac .
maybe the mac os improvement were not the product they want to offer .
my only gripe would be the need to add more ram .
this laptop is a great price and has a sleek look .
avoid this model .
it started out getting hot after only a few months .
i do n't have that additional money right now , and therefore would n't have purchased it at this time .
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
it is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
once you go mac , you ca n't go back !
i got the first " blue screen of death " in the early part of july .
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the macbook pro notebook .
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
without a doubt , the * design * of this laptop is fantastic .
my laptop is almost 2 yrs old and i have never had any problems with it .
user upgradeable ram and hdd .
this just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
bottom line , if you can afford it , get a mac !
i hate to say this , but if i could take this back to the shop and get my money back , then i would .
either way , the keyboard is unsatisfactory .
it can not save the correct date and time i set .
i would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of garbage .
i am first time mac buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the mac offers .
it does not even have the software to play a dvd now .
hp did n't fix it .
i would recommend mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
some days it 's just blurry , some days it appears that it 's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains .
we use the built in tools often , itunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iphone .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
i think that they are the best out on the market .
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications .
the macbook pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer .
i could n't afford a new mac , so i bought a pc instead .
but my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
drivers updated ok but the bios update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
i got my macbook pro because i wanted to do all the stuff i need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
this was the same problem with my macbook ( circa 2007 ) that i just retired .
the gray color was a good choice .
fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
having heard from friends and family about how reliable a mac product is , i never expected to have an application crash within the first month , but i did .
i am just one of the million customers .
here are the things that made me confident with my purchase : build quality - seriously , you ca n't beat a unibody construction .
laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
i would definitely not go back to using a pc after using the mac .
but let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
i wiped nearly everything off of it , installed openoffice and firefox , and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
i should have bought one a long time ago .
i still see the benefits of a pc when i do not know how to do something on my mac .
i have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in ( battle of the smithsonian ) after on hour mine was at 53 % life left and his was at 69 % life left .
as a graphic arts a retired instructor i still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have mentioned .
the battery is really long .
yes , he is a self professed " mac snob .
i bought this laptop on saturday and am completely in love with it !
the mountain lion os is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with microsoft windows .
there are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but , i have n't seen them yet .
at first !
i 'm going back to dell .
finally was able to reach a young lady in california and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
ever since i bought this laptop , so far i 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services i received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
i love my samsung tv and galaxy s smartphone , but this netbook was a very poor computer .
the technical support was not helpful as well .
i dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
i can do everything i could before , only faster and more efficiently .
also kinda loud when the fan was running .
they said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
when typing , letters and spaces are frequently omitted requiring the user to redo many words and sentences .
i left the place angrily .
it quit working within a weeks time .
shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more ...
does a great job with video shot on a canon 5d mkii .
we are addicted to the mac .
and in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
so , i paid a visit to lg notebook service center at alexandra road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
the " abuse " is that i pushed the power plug in too hard .
many thanks , overstock.com .
great value , fast delivery - computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
i have recommended this laptop to everyone i know who is buying one .
this is something i would deffinately recommend to someone .
bought with a credit card .
so if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands best buy sells .
put a ssd and use a 21 " led screen , this set up is silky smooth !
the macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
i ca n't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up .
they 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
if anything , i would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
i tried giving it 0 stars but i had to choose at least one , but imo no stars
i love it !
speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
other than not being a fan of click pads ( industry standard these days ) and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook i do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
i have nothing to regret from this new product .
my wireless system would not recognize windows 7 and i could n't get online to find out why .
what 's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision .
i did not like my acer .
i can do pretty much 75 % of what i do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
it was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
i saw this one , and i have the most difficult time trying to use them , they 've made great dust collectors , i hate putting this computer down
i know that everyone thinks macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that best buy offers ) .
this computer was awful , i would never recomend it to another person .
the macbook is a fantastic laptop .
simple details , crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden , bulky sticker filled laptops .
the much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
i also made a recovery usb stick .
save your money and go for a better device .
they had to replace the motherboard in april
comes with imovie ;
and the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
set up was a breeze .
more relieved than anything .
but i am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
return it .
i took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their geek squad headquarters .
it had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
it feels cheap , the keyboard is not very sensitive .
needless to say i told them no and have a nice day and hung up !
finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
this machine rocks !
they definitely have a superior product !
it is as good as new .
i would like to use a different operating system altogether .
this computer that i have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
it caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
they are not .
i am not happy at all with the product i purchased .
i 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
but other than that i am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
my real problem with it ? the statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
it 's the mid 2012 version .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
overall , i experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old pc .
i purchased my first mac and am glad i did .
whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the bios launched windows ( or winblows , as i like to call it ) .
it may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
i bought it during the recent comex it show .
my dad has one of the very first toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
with windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
even though it is running snow leopard , 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel .
i had my iworks , itunes , email , ms office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
one bad thing is it gets hot .
the software is amazing .
good in every aspect .
the screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
definitely recommended !!!
the battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
other thoughts : received replacement 16 days later .
no installation disk ( dvd ) is included .
the difference in the apple keyboard from a pc 's keyboard took a bit of time to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
i am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet .
they are so realistic i am just speechless .
searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
i think that was a great decision to buy
it has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
i went right out and purchased another laptop .
i was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple i was almost worried that i was doing something wrong .
the toshiba laptop i am using is easier to use than most i have tried .
apple " help " is a mixed bag .
i found the mini to be : exceptionally easy to set up
i 'm new - just switched from years of pc frustration .
i bought them for my college age grandchildren and these macs are totally reliable and support their class work 100 % of the time .
that is how it is able to function better than any other pc .
yes , i have it on the highest available setting .
i was given a mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
that 's a huge difference .
i have now had it for 1.5 months and love it .
apple did a great job .
easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks .
i love the form factor .
i am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook , it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop .
its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
i 'm going back to pc .
i my wife is also now the proud owner of a macbook as well !
this newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
i still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
its everything mac offers .
a second problem involves the battery which is advertised as having a storage life of 11 hours but when fully charged shows only 7 hours of service .
the lesson learned here is : it does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
was n't sure if i was going to like it much less love it so i went to a local best buy and played around with the ios system on a mac pro and it was totally unique and different .
i loved it .
the graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
runs like a champ .....
i love to use it it is easy and light .
the thunderbolt port is awesome !
but sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
i had finally reached my limit and broke down .
we figure that after everything his pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original mac .
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny .
would pay more for it if i had too !
not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
the macbook pro is very sturdy and versatile .
i recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it !
i regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
i would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
its also fun to use !
i love the glass touchpad .
the right speaker did not work .
apple no longer includes idvd with the computer and furthermore , apple does n't even offer it anymore !
such as pages , numbers , and so on .
great deal on an amazing lap top !
spent 2 hours on phone with hp technical support .
it is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
still pretty pricey , but i 've been putting off money for a while as a little macbook fund , and finally got to use it .
in fact , somehow ( and i never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
i have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine i have ever owned .
i have had it 9 months and it is already a $ 250 loss .
with awesome graphics and assuring security , it 's perfect !
cons : price is a bit ridiculous , kinda heavy .
logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
and i babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
it rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
would highly recommend this netbook though .
if you really want a bang-up system and do n't need to run windows applications , go with an apple ;
keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
i get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , i can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
his language was so bad i swore i was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
i am used to computers with windows so i am having a little difficulty finding my way around .
though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to ( cs5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
i returned it to best buy on the ninteenth of april .
dell sucks
the ac power port becomes loose over time
which is what i did , check out my acer 5517 !
words can not express how much i love my new mac .
but if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
as a lifelong windows user , i was extremely pleased to make the change to mac .
i sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so i got a new one and some other fixes they found .
well , i had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my pc , but took the apple to the conference .
in fact i still use many legacy programs ( appleworks , filemaker pro , quicken , photoshop etc ) !
sure hope best buy will replace it asap .
some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarantee .
this laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
only good thing is the graphics quality .
the new macbook pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing .
out of all the laptops i have owned , this is by far the best !
i absolutely love my mac !
now , the next issue i had freaked me out .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
i told them that i just received my brand new macbook but i was having issues .
my macbook pro is no exception .
very powerful especially for the money .
i have never really been big on downloading anything so i was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus i thought i was protected by norton .
i looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
since i have always used apple products , the choice of macbook pro was obvious .
i 've almost have bought every generation of macminis since 2005 , and this one has n't let me down .
it is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
heck , i like all mac computers , but they 're all way too pricey for the kind of economy the u.s. is going through .
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
i finally pulled the trigger and i am blown away by how much more i enjoy my computer tasks using the mac mini !!!
starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
it would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
the netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me .
great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
winters is on it 's way and i imagine it will be cozy .
which i still use and have hooked up to my tv .
the port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you ca n't see the plug at all , it 's just gone .
we were pc users .
what a waste .
for some odd reasons the computer does n't recognize the operation system .
in summary , take your money elsewhere .
i am forever changed and will no longer buy a windows based machine for personal use .
images are crisp and clean .
the majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 macbook pro model # md101ll/a .
which is great i am running vista business and scored a 5.x on the index i have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
i spent months looking for a good laptop for me and i finally found it !
/ awesome cooling system / much better graphics card ( ati 5870 ) / 8gb ram / led backlit screen ...
tech support would not fix the problem unless i bought your plan for $ 150 plus .
i saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what i know now , i would not buy it at that price .
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary product key .
bottom line , i doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
i have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
you just lose a customer .
two of the times was in one month .
you know , using the computer should be fun , not aggravation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
i took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
they are closed at 9 pm eastern .
at least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
this thing is a lemon .
they replaced it and so far so good .
if you get a lemon ( i have two thirds of my macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
the built-in webcam is great for skype and similar video-chat services .
the battery life was shorter than expected .
i can guarantee this will be the last dell i will ever purchase !
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
the screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
i am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when i got back in town .
i do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when i have pop ups blocked ) , i do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down .
i do not recommend this company or their products !!!!
when the buyer returned it wal mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
we carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the lcd just " slide " downwards .
this is the first time for me to use a mac and i 'm really happy with the move .
no , they do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " how can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
well , they do n't care a bunch .
it 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
but until now , no complains at all .
it is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
games being the main issue .
a tip for people looking into this computer : do not buy it save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
i charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
i can throw anything at it ( and i do ) , pictures , video editing , schoolwork .
i 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
it fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and i have never had any issues with it freezing .
if that is the case for you , i would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
i hate it .
i got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime i touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but i suffered thru it and would constantly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
it 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
it works really well .
all in all great item highly recommend it .
out of the box i noticed how small it was and was exactly what i was looking for .
it has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
theres also idvd , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
ca n't close the 2nd hdd bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) that could be a major flaw for the dual hdd user .
i bought my first macbook after seeing the product demonstrated .
the resolution on the screen is almost pure hd .
very disappointed becase i have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
the screen shows great colors .
i am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
this can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far .
the computer blinks it shuts off at will .
actually , i had noticed the one on the sales floor also did n't have sound !
i understand i should call apple tech support about any variables ( which is my purpose of writing this con ) as variables could be a bigger future problem .
i got this at an amazing price from amazon and it arrived just in time .
the toshiba net book operates very well .
i hate it !
buying a mac mini would allow me to make the transition .
it works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
a great college tool !
still not bad for 220.00 .
it was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , i just didnt really wan na spend the money but im glad that i did .
being a pc user my whole life ....
bought from wal-mart , i believe that this laptop was a repaired item .
i am very happy i bought this mac , well worth the extra money .
buyers beware .
i 'm going to try and keep my old g4 on the road for as long as possible .
i 'm so glad i purchased a mac and not another pc !!!
loaded with bloatware .
while many people brag about mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a pc , but once i got the hang of it , i do n't want to go back .
my macbook was worth ( after 3 years of use ! ) $ 375 .
the computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening word or my computer .
bought this gateway m-50 or 150 early 2007 .
so , buyers beware !
the screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
- called headquarters again , they report that tft panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
despite the plethora of problems , i managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
the performance is definitely superior to any computer i 've ever put my hands on .
my husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $ 300 less ( he got a pc ) .
this computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
another issue i have with it is the battery .
i 'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product .
stop living in the stone age and buy a mac , you will not be sorry at all !!
because it is a defective product .
i had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
no machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems .
the mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
i came from the dell laptops and now i am so glad i switched when i needed a new laptop .
took several hours with customer support before i could even start the pc out of the box .
it has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
- computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
deal of the year .
the only problem is a lack of screen resolutions !
the display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my powerbook and very crisp .
it 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
love it .
all of them were windows machines .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
the one thing that apple does right is computers .
she brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " it is like that one " .
i only used it to browse the internet and and i dont know how many times it has spontaneously shut down and it is just a blank screen now .
i had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
this was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped .
it freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so i have to restart it a few times every time i use it .
and i would recommend this to anyone looking for a new laptop .
i just fell in love with this thing .
definitely worth spending the money on it .
i would suggest this product to anyone .
usb3 peripherals are noticably less expensive than the thunderbolt ones .
has a 5-6 hour battery life .
in addition , all the design tools on pages and keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
also , i have had a lot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
i had in the past a dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
the mac mini , wireless keyboard / mouse and a hdmi cable is all i need to get some real work done .
the system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
the people there just changed for me on the spot and i got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
then only four months later , my great macbook pro failed .
keyboard could use some trimming .
i paid for a new laptop , but was sent a used one .
if the number of patrons in the apple store are any indication , hp and other pc manufacturers need to take note .
returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable .
the price is great for this model , i only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
there is nothing better .
i needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason i did n't purchase a mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase pcs .
there is no " tools " menu .
i try to use it today and i ca n't logon .
the acer one computer that i bought is 17 inch screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but i like the big screen on it .
its fast , has high definition quality in the videos .
charger seems large for this class of computer .
after looking at all the pros and cons , i decided on the macbook pro .
might not make the avid gamer happy but i do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
great pick for portability and affordability .
the 13 " macbook pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
i 'm a professional consultant , and a client needed work on her machine .
do your research on this issue .
awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful ux .
i 've only had it one day , but i really do love it and i 'm happy it was economical and i 'm finally able to own a mac !
nothing bad to say about it .
theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
clear picture on it and everything .
i have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
great product .
all of the programs ( keynote , pages , numbers ) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
this laptop has left me with a horrible taste in my mouth for acer brand products .
very fast for my needs .
overall a nice computer .
laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a 17 " .
great wifi too .
also it is light weight compared to others .
it makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to flickr or facebook etc , is not hard at all .
it 's light and easy to transport .
seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the dell
so then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
not to mention , the battery life is absolutely amazing .
i am addicted to photo booth !
i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months .
comfortable to use light easy to transport .
ease of use is just one of the benefits i love about my mac .
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and i 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but i still expected better product quality for this price range .
i returned the computer to hp and they kept it for 3 months .
the computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on july 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
this computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
on start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
i should have realized that trouble was brewing .
all i will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap vaio .
i have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
they gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
if you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
it is known as safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
these new problems were the final straws ;
it is so great , i can hardly ever take my hands off it !
i bought this mac in order to replace my old dell laptop .
it 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 watt lightbulb .
the improvements to the os have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
despite the inconvenient weight , i opted for the 12 cell battery .
when this happened i would have to completely power off my computer and restart it .
about 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
this system came loaded with windows 7 starter .
acer has set me up with free recovery discs , when they are available since i asked .
it has had some problems .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
when i got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school , i had a hard time from beginning .
i have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
i had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it , as i am old school and hate the pad , but knew that before i bought it , now it works great , need to get adjusted to the key board , as i am used to a bigger one and pounding .
honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
not easy to carry .
but there 's this application called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like windows .
i just took the broken cords into the apple store and they gave me new ones .
the only thing i dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things i dont want it too , i would recommend using a mouse with it .
with a healthy pessimism , i took the machine home and tried to find a flaw .
i am so happy to have purchased this computer .
it easily fits into most computer bags but does n't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks .
the guy then said that if i insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but i have to accept the condition after the " repair " .
so , i went back .
i just love this laptop , i just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
all the problems i have had with pc 's are solved with a mac : the issue of overheating - my dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off , and the issue of viruses and contaminants - my hp completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it , with no inexpensive way of fixing it .
high price tag , however .
i have had no luck with staples or hp to resolve this problem .
the price and features more than met my needs .
bought notebook 07/2009 .
no hdmi port .
this laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
i got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
my laptop with windows 7 crashed and i did not want windows 8 .
if a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to force quit .
dell latitude d620 is not a reliable machine .
finally set the unit back to hp after a month of hell .
i believe this is because i was more active than the average user , meaning i average about three " tabs " .
i or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
also consider the ms office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students .
very fast and efficient !
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice .
not with apple .
not sure on windows 8 .
then the hard drive failed ;
it is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
its worth every penny .
also , the battery does not last very long at all .
my problem was with dell customer service .
but in resume this computer rocks !
it has served my needs quite nicely for the most part .
just be careful ; you always have to give up some good stuff for others .
can never go wrong with apple products .
i thought the white mac computers looked dirty too quickly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
seems a much more economical way to get into apple than their other computers .
you wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
it 's a nice little gadget .
at first when i got this product , i loved it .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
they are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
returned it to walmart .
hewlett packard hp pavillion dv6000 laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
it is so speedy .
i have had my macbook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that i will never buy another computer if it is not a mac .
i hope this review helps .
exactly as posted plus a great value .
this is perfect for her field .
if internet connectivity is important i would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a usb wireless card .
i was originally concerned that i could n't view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting , but i was even more thrilled to learn of programs like ilife and iwork that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs .
the processor screams , and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a dvd burner ( ! ) .
this system is not worth the money or trouble trying to get it fix .
i was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
i droped this once from the table when my baby girl grabed me one day and it is still working with no issues !
i looked around and based off my price / features comparison from a brand i trusted i landed here .
no temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the nvidia chipset " - inquired status of repair .
came fully loaded - good .
from the moment i opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me .
now that i have it i see that i really needed this for much more .
the criticism has waned , and now i 'd be the first to recommend an air for truly portable computing .
i went to my local best buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
then after paying for it to be examined i was told it was same problem cited on website but i 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
but the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
i am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it .
this is what they told me : it heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
if i have a problem with any of my apple items i make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
i love this 13 " mac white unibody .
everything i wanted and everything i needed and the price was great !
i was always against them but now i buying one i 'll never go back to pc .
before , i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from acer 's site .
we have had numerous problems with vista , such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinstalled , internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
i custom ordered the machine from hp and could not understand the techie due to his accent .
i have only had pcs with windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
while the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the pc world .
the computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
i bought this one for my 11 year old and the macbook air for my 9 year old .
i got it for christmas , and i was so excited to set it up !
but it has a major design flaw .
i love apple but unlike others that does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
i did swap out the hard drive for a samsung 830 ssd which i highly recommend .
no problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
i highly recommend this product !
lastly , windows 8 is annoying .
first it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
one drawback i noticed was sound quality via usb .
toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
the resolution is even higher than any other laptop on the market .
my macbook pro has been a huge disappointment .
mom , dad , brother , sister , you name it !
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
i bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
right out of the box , this little netbook did everything i asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
it 's shiny and it 's pretty .
temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in core processing unit temperatures .
company provides ups shipping , fast , great !
i fine apple mc373ll/a 2.66 ghz 15 " macbook pro notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
does exactly what i bought it 4 .
i bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since .
i bought mine from apple store the day it was released as amazon did n't have it yet .
keyboard good sized and easy to use .
now the machine wo n't connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook .
when i turned it on , nothing .
its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
this is a review of windows vista system .
also , i have had a lot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
probably the worst decision we ever made !
it does n't have a lot of frills , but i did n't need any , and being able to buy what i needed , and not more than i needed was very important .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - visited machouse amsterdam .
i called toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
they sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when i got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my cd drive was n't reading anything !
so you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
the best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a significant amount off the price .
navigation through the computer is far superior compared to windows operating systems , as well .
honestly , i am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs .
product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
not as fast as i would have expect for an i5 .
i love it !
each time taking about 1 day or so .
originally bought it for my wife .
i also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
sony parts reliability and quality of service is recently the worst .
the switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
summary : hp knew they were shipping out bad bios and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
the screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
do not buy you will be disappointed .
the touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
i fell in love with my machine , and it was pampered .
i love this computer .
12.44 seconds to boot .
this mac does come with an extender cable and i 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years i plan on using this mac .
a seventy dollar mouse !
yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) software - compared to the early 2011 edition i did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to apple ( which i promptly did ) .
the extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
the notebook would not turn back on again .
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though i will upgrade this and the ram . . )
that 's how frustrating it was .
i have n't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review .
i received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
will not every buy another lou
the 4 usb ports are nice , but the two on the side only work now and then .
the battery life is also relatively good .
with all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
my daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
i decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
i agree with the previous comment that asus tech support is horrible which is a con in my opinion .
i would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
their products , including the mbp , are beautiful , sleek and clever .
i 've had a toshiba laptop in the past ;
i spent 2200 dollars on a " top of the line laptop " .
i really like the mac 15.4 in . notebook , but its very pricey .
the perfect notebook ...
all my devises  talk  to each other .
it certainly does , but you rarely hear any of your friends with mac 's complain about anything .
it was about six months later when the overheating problem started again , to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine !
i bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months if it is overload with updates the boot mgr .
theres always something wrong with it , wether it be some virus you ca n't track down , or it overheats , sometimes even catches on fire , you just ca n't use it .
again , i sent it off to acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvenient because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
the display is beyond horrible .
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
my friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like i will have to as well .
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems .
however , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the lcd ) .
the laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
sony , acer , dell , packard bell and toshiba .
long story short , since i experience so many problems with my laptop every since i bought it from day one , i did n't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what i pay for a crappy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
if you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
i 've had the macbook pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
the 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
i previously owned an hp desktop and a dell laptop .
it is so much fun to play with .
my computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates .
it was wonderful deal for the wonderful product .
even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
i just bought the new macbook pro , the 13 " model , and i ca n't believe apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to usb ports .
the love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
they need to stop outsourcing and send some complaint calls to us based customer service agents for those who live in the united states .
i 've only had mine a day but i 'm already used to it ...
time will tell .
the feature are good enough for what i need .
when my dell laptop gave up only after 2-1/2 years , i decided to buy macbook pro .
the apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : )
i think i might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
so i 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? the darn thing would n't go back on .
, which apple does n't offer , is why i bought my macbook at best buy .
there is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
the on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
downfalls : sharp edges .
i am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
the machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your hdtv .
obviously , this macbook is perfect for me because it does exactly what i need in an easy-to-function way .
two times with in one month .
worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment .
i am pleased with the fast log on , speedy wifi connection and the long battery life ( > 6 hrs ) .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a macbook ?
this computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
windows vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
the mac book pro performs flawlessly .
after paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
as a die-hard windows enthusiast , i shunned the idea of a mac until this point .
i have been a pc user for a very long time now but i will get used to this new os .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
it is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
iphotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
it is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
i pondered very long over this decision .
but i do not like win8 .
as well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
i waited another month for approval and for them to " build " me a new laptop .
it all just makes sense .
very nice unibody construction .
this version of macbook pro runs on a third-generation cpu ( " ivy bridge " ) , not the latest fourth-generation haswell cpu the 2013 version has .
i asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
it was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
the 17 in macbook pro has been a wonderful addition .
so far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and i am praying it has finally stopped .
i am a full mac convert now .
get this instead , you wo n't be sorry .
we also use paralles so we can run virtual machines of windows xp professional , windows 7 home premium , windows server enterprise 2003 , and windows server 2008 enterprise .
most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
i use that alot on my desktop , so i am adjusting to not having it .
apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
it is light and the battery last a very long time .
i think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and i need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
another great thing is the beast graphics .
it super shiny , so you can see the fingerprints easily .
the ati graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft .
i was wrong !
very fast boot up and shut down .
wifi capability , disk drive and multiple usb ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required .
it was a tough choice .
that is my only complaint !
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
i 'm using this computer for word processing , web browsing , some gaming , and i 'm learning programming .
( no problem with the ordering or shipping by the way .
no big deal .
i use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
i found it toughest to decide between dell ultra books and apple .
the hard drive crashed as well , and i had to buy a new power cord .
it 's a mac !!
it 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
i 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immobile .
i thought it would be a simple job .
i 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
this unit is not .
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load windows so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though none of them spoke english .
the only bad part is the size / weight .
) only to get another " hp/compaq " piece of crap .
got another 1 , and same issue .
i love windows 7 but i ca n't give toshiba any credit for that , unless you all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
at first , i feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the mac system .
i thought the price was great for the specs .
this is not best buy 's fault .
i had gotten this model for $ 1199.00 on my state 's tax-free weekend and had a $ 100 off coupon for a macbook at the local bestbuy !
if you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the mbps .
there are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new macbook !
this laptop does everything i need it to very well .
being a pc user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the os of a mac but i 'm finding my way around .
there 's literally no way to make it sing with vista .
strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
its a pretty decent computer .
going to bring it to service today .
the processor a amd sempron at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for hd or heavy computing .
they were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place .
if you are a pc user looking to convert i would highly recommend it !
i have not have any problems .
- touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
as of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom , , , about 4 inches across is hardly visible .
a lot of help they were n't !
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
the screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
i own other macs but always find myself navigation to the macbook pro to get my work done .
browsing , also , was no problem for me when i used itunes ( which usually slows down my pc ) .
this is by far the best , most reliable computer i could find .
it is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
a great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
the investment of a new macbook pro came at a price , but totally worth it for a good piece of mind .
the ilife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
i swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones / mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
there is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
it 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate , and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
this was a great deal for a decked out macbook pro .
my last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
getting the apple care plan is a must .
in fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
i will never buy anything from hp again !
i do n't want to run a computer ; i want to use a computer .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
well , maybe more like week one .
i sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it .
overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
i just got this laptop for college , and so far i am very happy with it .
i challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
the only downfall is the volume control .
battery life could be better but overall for the price and toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
needless to say , not too happy with the product .
i always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an external mouse because i did n't like the trackpad .
) and printing from either word processor is an adventure .
get this computer for portability and fast processing !!!
i 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
i was informed that i need to call some 0900 number first .
of course , i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork , garageband , and imovie .
amazing quality !
i ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features i need .
i would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
and this is n't just my one experience .
i was so excited to receive the toshiba l455 as a gift/bonus for some work i had done for a friend of mine !
the old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
but it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future .
overall i am very satisfied with the purchase .
i do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this macbook pro laptop ( you get what you pay for ) .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
they also use two totally different operating systems .
it 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes .
we purchase the dell xps several years ago for my home business .
performance is good for the price .
first of all , i 've been dell fan for more than fifteen years .
i 'm the pro-active type so i went off and did some preventative fixes .
when the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
after replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive , my mac is just flying .
we 'll save our money to replace it with a mac again !
i edit and burn to dvd a lot of video , so i obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive .
i was getting extrememly frustrated when i would want to do these simple taks that i would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my pc .
i was very excited because this was my first personal computer and i was purchasing it with my own money i had recieved from graduation presents .
they are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
i previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( if i am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
i 'm pretty sure when i bought it , my bank account went ' ouch !
the apple systems are over priced luxurys that are n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
all-in-all , i would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
:) great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
" > iphoto is probably the best program i have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
i could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
enough said .
what a great little laptop .
i would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
when i finally held it in my hands i kissed it , yes i did .
i got the new adapter and there was no change .
i thought that it will be fine , if i do some settings .
finally , i should note that i took the 2gb ram stick from my old eeepc and installed it before i even powered on for the first time .
it was a huge monstrosity of a laptop !
the cool thing about the mac book was that i went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iphone , then i came back and put them onto my macbook and made a pretty good dvd movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
my laptop worked again for just a while before i started having issues again .
i am very happy with this laptop .
the battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
a lot of features and shortcuts on the mbp that i was never exposed to on a normal pc .
it has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and ability .
but i did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a pc .
it was a laugh too !
i had the computer for a full year and it was a new computer .
soft touch , anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws .
this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands .
the photobooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
it 's fast and has excellent battery life .
it is meant to be portable .
there has been no problem with anything .
i 'm really frustrated by this experience .
i previously owned a toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
this is my second mac book pro .
solution : it turned out to be pretty simple .
its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
it does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern .
i contacted hp about this situation and was given excuses , without results .
still under warrenty so called toshiba , no help at all .
the only thing i can say is that the touch pad does n't work like it should all the time .
the biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
i fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now i could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
the performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iphoto work great with my phone and camera .
oh , boy !
they were great in handling this problem , and i 'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future .
by air sounds more like by truck to me .
the difference is phenomenal .
people know what they are talking about and they have pride in the product that they are selling .
i was starting to boil .
i just love my mac !
it is better than my old acer laptop .
i have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
we have n't had any problems with it at all .
i love its solid build , light weight and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
the video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they update the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
ca n't wait until i go on vacation and take it with me .
very very slow laptop .
the battery life is great .
pc users use the powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and mac users utilize keynote .
it 's a good fix , in my opinion .
i already have a hp laptop i bought last year that 's standard size .
at first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
i blame the mac os .
the first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
i had always used pcs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
and looks very sexy :d really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
but i 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
i 'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer .
so ? how can you solve it ? c'mon , i just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
they also have a longer service life than other computers ( i have several friends who still use the older apple powerbooks ) .
it could n't have been a better decision .
im glad that it has such great features in it .
typically , when i purchase a new laptop i always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless i had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old mac .
very annoying .
battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
i will never purchase a hp again ever .
it is really thick around the battery .
so in late march , early april 2009 i was without it again for a couple weeks while i had online courses i had to complete and my fiance was in afghanistan and web conferencing was the best communication method we had .
asus has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and i would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
summary : after doing some investigation on the web , i have found that toshiba nb205s are not chronically not booting .
no waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
the repairs were made quickly though i must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
i first purchased this dell model " 1764 " on april 6 , 201
i also liked the glass screen .
the new os is great on my macbook pro !
when i called sony the customer service was great .
graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
though you get a polite person , you often do n't get a solution .
( if you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " activity monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
the unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
all the programs are easy and straight forward on my macbook pro , it is clean and organized , which i always strive to be myself .
having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
this computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and i do mean crawling .
but to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think i ll buy a pc next time .
battery is lasting about 6 hours as i am surfing the web on sundays while checking football scores and watching funny youtube videos .
the technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
now i have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the mac !
i burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so i can place it there .
all for such a great price .
i babyed the heck out of it and i still do .
that was my first apple product and since then i have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs i have bought .
nice packing .
setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
then on top of it all their customer service center is in the middle east .
but guess what ? ( you have to buy an external dvd drive it does n't have a built in type ) the notebook ca n't be used because it does n't read anything for an external drive .
thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
i never have had a good result with this computer .
the image is great , and the sound is excellent .
summary : dont buy hp .
the nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
if you have the money i suggest going for the i7 .
i dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
also is portable and reliable .
before i begin , i will say that i am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - i am not an apple fanboy .
also , i have alot of trouble with it getting very hot , and not even sitting on anything to make it hot .
only a few days after i received the computer back , the screen froze again .
and the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
microsoft word was not on it and i had to buy it seperately .
it was at my door in less than 24 hours .
my laptop now has no battery .
is this partially due to the fact that it is running windows vista ?
it meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling .
my sister has the same mac as me and she is in a band and uses garageband to record and edit .
put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
it is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
quality display i love hp , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
it provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
and not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
love this laptop wonderful price for what you get !
take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
if you want more information on macs i suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
it is the worst laptop ever
i will never again buy another acer , not will i buy gateway , or emachine as they are all from the same company .
after talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , i chose the macbook pro over the white macbook .
so of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
it really is very light compared to other computers .
unfortunately , apple 's quality has continued to slide .
i would recommend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school .
i believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
i am sorry that i purchased this laptop .
reason why ? it 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80 % .
super light , super sexy and everything just works .
you will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
i tell everyone i see out looking to get this or another toshiba .
but the macbook is the best !
they did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
also , hdd secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
i was a little worry at first because i do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
this is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
- they lost my laptop for a month
( beware , their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
it is by far one of the greatest investments i have ever made .
i bought this lap top and the charge time dose n't last as long as they say it will more like 2 hours
so , the hard disk capacity really does n't matter to me .
i bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
it is easily portable and i take it everywhere i go and might require internet access .
more times that not the screen pops up saying i have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
osx mountain lion soon to upgrade to mavericks .
i love the easy to see screen , and it works well for work , personal or just play .
so i 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
all the above aside this machine rocks !
it 's fast , light , and simple to use .
great os , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
you may just lose 1 customer for now .
- complied to their protocol , called number , made " case " , got an email address to send complaint .
i took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
it 's just a great toy to have around .
as a computer science student in college , i find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
i purchased an hp right after my high school graduation .
it 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
so this was great for me .
love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
and , if you are going to deal with hp be careful .
i was really happy because it is a much better price on amazon.com than it was in the mac store .
i am very happy !
do i like the computer ? well , other than not getting viruses , i guess it is ok .
sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
i bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market .
eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
while we struggle with all the crashes and viruses , the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for business !
after using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
i 'm returning mine
i love this product because it is toshiba and its 15.6 " .
but when i received my replacement , i made both recovery dvds ( 4 ) , and a driver/application dvd .
info : windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
also , the extended warranty was a problem .
they click .
built-in apps are purely amazing .
the laptop was very easy to set up .
even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger .
2nd best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgrade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
this is a great value for the money .
the cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
i 'm going to buy a logitech c270 .
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
i ca n't even install one of the 3 printers i have in my house so i am unable to print .
they 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
it takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
the minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
i had to return it because it would n't even start .
it is a cheap throw together .
everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure .
but , for the cost this is a winner .
minis make sense for a lot of people .
it is robust , with a friendly use as all apple products .
another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
it is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
would buy 100 more of these if i could .
i love it so much .
the screen resolution was exactly what i was looking for .
i would recommend to any one looking for a first class computer !
it 's solid .
i look forward to years of use , it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well .
i bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
the internet explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
i reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
i contacted acer and they are giving me free recovery dvds , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
the screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
the computer could have been shipped by priority mail through the usps for the same cost and arrived by noon on tue .
i will never go back to a pc again !
needs power and mouse cable to plug in back instead of side , in the way of operating a mouse in small area .
this little netbook is helping me get work done !
i got this laptop on black friday .
asked the customer service rep .
i did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before i purchased .
i paid about the same for my toshiba as i did for the compaq a few years back .
the only thing that i have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
i can see why the have soooo much money .
seems to me that 's the best way to get apple 's attention .
i ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
i do everything on this computer - check email , facebook , shop , check blogs , write papers , listen to music , and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv .
i play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
what a mistake !
moving from a pc to mac has never been easier , and i 'm glad that i did it .
i saved for this laptop for 3 months and i can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
never any doubt i would get a macbook , just was n't sure which one .
he ca n't stand it .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
1 ) payed $ 2200 for a " premium " laptop
the next time i had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
ease of use is just one of the benefits i love about my mac .
very light and easily maneuverable .
i loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows os ) until this started happening .
the internet speed is spectacular .
the problems started with just the screen freezing .
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
this is the third macbook pro in our family .
one of the primary reasons why i purchased an ipad was to store photographs so that i could show to my customers .
i am a freelance graphic artist .
it was getting old and i needed a new school computer .
with the upgraded memory , the macbook pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
the only pro to this computer is it was under $ 600 !
let me tell you , this machine is great .
i opted for the squaretrade 3-year computer accidental protection warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are not covered by applecare .
this is what i call a good after sales service .
i love it - never had a computer i was so impressed with - and i 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is far and above the best one i ever had before .
this was a significantly more affordable than getting a new macbook pro from apple .
his was worth $ 36 .
and toshiba is a quality supplier .
it is more than enough computer to keep up with the needs of a high school student .
it 's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs .
from the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what i would have expected from apple .
graphics are much improved .
i picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and i thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
and then , a guy came out to serve me instead .
they sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that i return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
my son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind , and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school .
still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
its not bad just very very annoying .
i had my pc laptop for 3 years and going to a macbook pro is like i leaped through time .
but while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with apple .
i constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
i had to pay $ 100 for a universal charger for this cheap $ 300 laptop .
but enough about that , i am an apple convert for life .
unfortunately , the laptop i purchased was also a dell and again , i have to say i hated it .
it is a great computer for that and i have to say i 'm happy i switched .
very very highly recommended .
oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
this process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
( you may be reading one now !
finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
they went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
no cd rom in the new version there 's no way i 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
trashed it when i spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe .
i 've installed to it additional ssd and 16gb ram .
i managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me .
i will never buy another hp computer .
( i had been a windows / linux user before this ) i love the size because the screen is big enough for what i use it for ( internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
it is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
having had experience with a toshiba laptop , i was disappointed to find that the toshiba nb305 laptop has major problems .
some features are n't friendly ( volume wheel , sound quality , etc .
acer wo n't replace the laptop .
i personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
i recommend the macbook pro if you want the best laptop on the market .
although i opted for the lowest end macbook pro , this thing holds its own .
the downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something i 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
but , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
if you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
i will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when i do so i do n't run accross a situation like this again !
i waited and waited and no laptop .
hp pavilion dv9000 notebook pc when i first got this computer , it really rocked .
by week two , my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though i did not use it too much .
they have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and i 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
satisfy what i paid for it .
i enjoy having apple products .
love it so far .
i am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
it had a seventeen inch screen which i wanted , but i did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
i also got the added bonus of a 30 " hd monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
but sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the bios again and shut down and would not turn back on .
purchased as a gift for a friend .
there also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
the internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
? i am only interested in the 15.4 mcbook pro model # md103ll/a
i was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
the mbp is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
a tip for people looking into this computer : do not buy it save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
you pay for what you get for .
i like it better than my big dell laptop .
my mac is much more efficient than a pc so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete .
it was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
we did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
it 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
after fumbling around with the os i started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
have purchased many products over the years from macconnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
i 'm definitely not hard on laptops and guarantee 100 % that no liquid has touched this machine in my presence .
i also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
the only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets , and rather quickly too .
however , i love this particular mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
it also comes with 4g of ram but if you 're like me you want to max that out so i immediately put 8g of ram in her and i 've never used a computer that performs better .
it runs perfectly .
shipped very quickly and safely .
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
and at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when i upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( i bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
best money i ever spent .
i was said it 's video card .
i loaded windows 7 via bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
10/10 five stars would recommend .
this is my second macbook .
i have a lapdesk which i can use , but i can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
in my opinion it was not as user friendly as i expected either .
i now own another hewlett packard .
with what i paid for this computer it should have had everything on it .
it looks and feels solid , with a flawless finish .
i 'll stick to toshiba .
i can render avchd movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core i7 .
he gave me this pc about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it .
this is starting off good .
from the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats windows easily .
it is just slow slow slow .
one more thing , this mac does not come with restore disks and i am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer pc 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iphone/ipod touch cables .
this was my first macbook purchase ever .
i 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
toshiba is a great brand , even though i have n't had it for a long time , i am very happy with it !
finally , i purchased a toshiba .
awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college .
if you ask me , for this price it should be included .
i ca n't imagine ever buying a pc again !
the first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
when you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
strengths : well shaped weaknesses : a bad videocard !
its perfect , not much heavy .
you ca n't even get a satellite card which is why i bought to begin with .
after doing cad work all day at work , using a higher end pc , i could n't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer .
it has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
i bought it from hsn because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
has all the other features i wanted including a vga port , hdmi , ethernet and 3 usb ports .
it was loaded with windows vista home premium -- delivered with only 1gb of ram , and it was a * dog * .
upgrading from windows 7 starter , thru windows 7 home premium , to windows 7 professional was a snap ;
the unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than apple 's previous laptops .
they break down just as often as pcs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a mac , they do n't exist .
i have n't used it for anything high tech yet , but i love it already .
another satisfied customer .
this hardware seems to be better than the imac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
it doesnt get hot like my pc , with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime i forget how to do something i just google it .
even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
the battery gets so hot it is scary .
it lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if i fired it up today , it would work .
do not buy it !
the apple applications ( ex . iphoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
everything is so easy to use , mac software is just so much simpler than microsoft software .
it 's fast , quiet , incredibly small and affordable compared to other mac models .
the pictures are clear as can be .
to list a few : they tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns , as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up .
i got this one for thanks giving offer for $ 962 :) .
that 's the downside for me .
well , i bought this laptop a month or two ago .
this laptop was bad from the first day of use ---- brought it back to store for return of money .
the company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
i would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
i 've owned every " pro " model apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is by far the worst one i 've ever had .
with the macbook pro it comes with free security software to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
guess i 'll stay away from hp .
the item received was exactly as identified .
my toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
now they are believers in the product .
the ease of set up was terrific .
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
it wakes in less than a second when i open the lid .
this has been nothing but a headache since we purchased it .
yet , hp wo n't do anything about the problem .
if it 's not shipped on the next business day , called on a friday they are closed on weekends , what was the next step .
thank you for your great product !
its still going .
well i got this computer from best buy and i have had nothing but problems i bought the computer with a virus .....
back she goes !
i took it back to best buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
the worst a mac ever did to me was freeze up .
runs very smoothly .
i 've tried going back to xl but there still problems .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
the internet was locked and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
in short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing rover your dog ) .
using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
i am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
the battery life has not decreased since i bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
i shopped around before buying .
i will upgrade the ram myself ( because with this model you can you can do it ) later on .
i do n't understand why only windows 7 starter is included .
the latest and mightiest macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of june 2009 .
this is basically the best laptop i have ever had or used .
it is very durable , i am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet .
-4 ram slots , 2 hdd bays * , 16gb ram support - no wireless issues , at least for me .
i have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
it had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
i plan on using my macbook pro for a long time .
i do n't have any technical pearls to share .
fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
but with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
its a good laptop for its value .
but the arm velcro is torn after one use .
took a while to clean it up to my specs .
yeah , it 's super expensive .
it was always getting froze up .
love it i 've always been an apple fan boy , but never had the money to buy a mac , only ipads and iphones , and this is my first mac , blew me away completely .
system is running great .
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by apple .
so a couple of years later , i was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
they have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
they say it could be the motherboard again , but dell
there is no way i will buy a lg product in the future .
the memory was gone and it was not able to be used .
very satisfied .
i know that asus is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that i have ever had .
web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
an absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
this mac is great !
i bought this macbook pro from best buy under a year ago to replace my old macbook air .
just a month and a half or two months ago , my vaio crashed again .
enough said .
have n't regretted it one bit .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
this is my first apple laptop .
we now own two of these , identical .
i saved about $ 100 plus tax ordering on amazon and since i have prime , it arrived overnight for just $ 3.99 more .
best buy laughed when i told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
and having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
once i removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
i previously owned an older dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years .
further , this mac mini has a sloppy bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the mac os ) and the range is poor .
so far , a great product .
apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the mac mini is priced just right .
only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of limited .
i 've always owned a pc and decided to try a macbook to see what it 's all about .
this worked just fine .
went silently .
this is now my 3rd macbook pro and i really honestly love it !
i love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the laptop in the sky !!
the battery life is excellent , the display is excellent , and downloading apps is a breeze .
oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all i use the old word processor which works good .
fits all my personal needs .
wonderful zooming .
so it was only about 2 weeks ago .
premium price for the os more than anything else .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a restaurant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
the only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc .
i feel that enough people have macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be .
so far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the hp i replaced .
the second issue i had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
the ultimate graduation gift .
i called back to ensure that received it , they had .
it 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
c'mon , lg .
being a tech savvy , apple - product loving person , i 'm glad i finally got the macbook pro !
you will regret it if you buy any dell .
if you buy , pray you dont have major problems .
the only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the docking port .
they really do have the worlds very worst repair service .
it doesnt overheat or make any loud noises .
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse .
stay away from hp .
i wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
this computer i used daily nice compact design .
i also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
i wish toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the os at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
os x is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
this netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and i have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
you can call hp and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
i finally did it and this machine is the way to go !
so , owing to these problems , i went out and got myself an apple macbook pro , which i am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
it gives me the power and speed that i need to run all the programs i use to edit .
i would highly recommend this macbook .
at home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " lcd screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
i wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
it is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way too slow .
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
a scratch on a $ 1,500 macbook is unforgivable .
i am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , i like the extra features , i love the windows 7 home premium .
what 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time i submitted it in case it does n't keep what i put here are my ratings
much of which hp ended up paying for .
a mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
a little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
he has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
i brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
i 'm so happy with my macbook pro !
the book is useless .
it is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
( for those old enough to remember , it is similar to beta versus vhs .
overall very impressed , thank you apple and amazon !
i took it back for a full refund .
the customer service is terrific !!
i have had some excellent computer and have found i had no idea what to do with them
i could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
this a starter notebook .
in november my computer messed up entirely and would n't power on after installing a windows update , i had to have my hd flashed and lost everything on it , including my school assignments and irreplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
you may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
i do not know for sure .
it also came with a built it web cam which is great because i can see an communicate with my family members back home .
purchased a toshiba lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed ( this is unlikely as i am a slow typist ) or the keyboard simply does not detect the keys being typed .
great product by apple with the new great looking design .
this notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
i really do n't like it , but i am stuck .
but we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
it is everything i 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i 've had it .
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
will certainly use macconnection again .
a couple things you should know :
love the stability of the mac software and operating system .
so do n't get it .
its seen in movies , sitcoms , prominent important people carry and use them and they are great !
i like coming back to mac os but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old hp laptop .
it has a faster processor and more ram .
i am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
the macbook pro is the premier choice for college students .
pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
to my mind much more usable than the toy called an ipad .
note , however , that any existing magsafe accessories you have will not work with the magsafe 2 connection .
this laptop rocks ( only wish it could run solidworks cad - which apple does n't support ) !
other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
the aspire wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid ( i have tried both motorola and htc ) plugged into the usb port .
they are about the same size keys .
if this is an improvement in customer service then i would hate too see what it was before !
i have had nothing but problems since the day i took it out of the box !
never had a single problem , and do n't have to worry about viruses .
yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explanatory in use .
the battery does n't last long but i 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
i would like to tell you about the best laptop i just got from mac .
so buyer beware when buying toshiba
i took the laptop home and not even a month later , i began to have problems with it .
this causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
i 'm so disgusted that i wasted my money on this product .
i then upgraded to mac os x 10.8 " mountain lion " .
hp said i had done the damage .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
i love the 15 " macbook pro .
i saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from apple and i was concerned but i took my chances and am overly impressed .
so what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? the after sales support is terrible .
i have used a couple of others on the job as well .
the backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
i upgraded it 's ram to 2gb , i am very happy with it .
it seems to have some options that are installed but do not work like i thought they would .
my macbook is so much better looking and so thin !
apparently well built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
hp refused to give me a new one and wal mart refused to take it back .
i was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but i need not have worried - this machine is the fastest i have ever owned ...
it is really expensive though .
we purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive hp needed to be repaired .
i am going to college next year and i needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals i am trying to pursue .
4 ) laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
the trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
customization on mac is impossible .
very happy with my 7th toshiba laptop !
i was a little weary at purchasing another 13 " macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around .
next , most acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
i was given a demonstration of windows 8 .
i will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
great battery life .
it blue screened on me without any warning , running simply basic chrome .
the graphics are great .
i bought this laptop and found its tab is not functioning .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
but , like i said before , the only reason i do n't currently have a mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
the only issue came when i tried scanning to the mac .
the device speaks about it self .
i have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that i would have learned a lot quicker if i would have taken the class .
screen is a bit glossy , but that 's not too bad .
be safe buy a sony .
easy learning curve .
i finally decided on this one and could n't be any happier .
as usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( i could see them ) .
another thing i might add is the battery life is excellent .
i should have sent it back to them then .
so when i had the money to buy one i bought other things instead ... a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it .
i have other computers that get strong signals that do n't drop in places that this " net " book loses its signal .
just for a stupid cd .
if you had pc for four years i can almost guarantee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
i 'm all for saving money but dell needs to step it up .
i had upgraded my old macbook to lion , so i kind of knew what i was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
with all the programs that came with it , such as ilife and iwork , i was set from the very beginning .
before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
the first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
the two of us use it regularly .
the screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
i like it !
the track pad is a bit squirrely at times - sometimes too sensitive , and sometimes a bit unresponsive , but it 's usable .
the salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
ive never had a problem with it !
i love my new computer !
there is no need to open a program first and the click open or import .
even so , i like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dual boot windows .
macs are designed for the " frontal lobe challenged " people out there .
incredible graphics and brilliant colors .
for example , when my husband turns the light out while i 'm on the computer .
the os is great .
it is quiet and a real joy to watch work .
the dell mini was the first dell product that i had ever purchased .
i had my computer custom built from sonystyle.com .
it 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
its a dog plain and simple .
there is no hdmi receptacle , nor is there an sd card slot located anywhere on the device .
no laptop is perfect , but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you .
i called toshiba where i gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards .
it does n't heat up like my old laptop .
i purchased a macbook pro and this to replace a couple of hp units that i was using .
this computer does everything i need it to do for school and more .
the large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or tv shows on your computer instead of buying an additional tv for your dorm room .
the bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
besides being elegant , the macbooks are durable .
i have vista , so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
having a mac certainly makes life easier .
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from .
if this would be your first mac purchase then i would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between mac and pc 's .
it 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for microsoft office .
but , i would recommend this product .
i considered i may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
boot-up slowed significantly after all windows updates were installed .
however , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
the wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
accordingly , i have decided to never purchase another hp product ( my five year old compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
so , i 'm cooled on mac buys .
i purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
not working = bad
also i typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying .
my hp is very heavy .
when it come time for warranty service to toshiba you do n't matter .
it doesnt work worth a damn .
called acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - i was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
frustrated i hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
the battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
my first problem was with the pre-loaded norton firewall/security program .
the computer itself was fast , ran smoothly , and had no problems .
great laptop for the price , works well with action pack games .
everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing .
it 's great to have a solid mac in the living room .
i did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
all i can say is i am impressed .
i would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run ms office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , i 'd highly recommend checking this out .
its small enough where i can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
it 's exactly what i wanted , and it has all the new features and whatnot .
if you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
my opinion of sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
i seem to be having repeat problems as the mother board in this one is diagnosed as faulty , related to the graphics card .
it is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
like the price and operation .
when i finally had everything running with all my software installed i plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
they basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
it was a waste of money from day one !
easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for adsl cable or wifi .
:] it arrived so fast and customer service was great .
probably wo n't work either .
i find myself using the 10-key more than i thought i would .
i purchased a toshiba satellite m60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in december of 2005 .
however , i can refute that osx is " fast " .
so , you can imagine how unhappy i am with this item .
it is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but i am very satisfied .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
it is , however , very heavy .
page just disappeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
it was shooting sparks !
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
if you 're looking for a great laptop , you 've found the best here .
i am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
the keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
now that i have upgraded to lion i am much happier about mac os and have just bought an imac for office .
i am loyal to apple .
dells are ok , hps are n't that good , but macs are fantastic .
it was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
they only stay charged a little over an hour .
it 's fun to take to a bookstore , sit in the coffee shop area , sign in to wifi and look up book reviews of books i might buy .
it is a real touchpad , not the toy i saw in other brands .
good computer and fast .
i would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a desktop it does not meet the expectations .
great , quick laptop for the money .
they have not sent a new one nor called .
i highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college .
the only thing i miss is that my old alienware laptop had backlit keys .
really no problems with the hand me down computers i received from my children .
the sd card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
when you look at the specs on apple products in comparison to a dell or a hp , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost .
although my model was listed as recalled , hp denied my claim .
i wish iwork or ms office came with the mac , but ms office does n't even come with most pc laptops .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
i work in film editing and post production , so i need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
big mistake !
after about another month i had to send it in again to acer for repairs .
having usb3 is why i bought this mini .
i ca n't even remember how i finally got it taken care of , but i was done with sony after that !
it has worked fine .
it was quite easy .
i recommend for word processing and internet users .
i have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
the only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
it has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
after a little more than a year of owning my macbook pro , the monitor has completely died .
i have recently converted back to a mac and i could n't be happier !
great laptop that offers many great features !
it 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
i finally made the leap after my gateway crapped out on me .
everything about the mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
it 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
from the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
i really like the size and i 'm a fan of the acers .
though please note that sometimes it crashes , and the sound quality isnt superb .
i enjoy very much my new toshiba , purchased specifically for attending online schooling .
then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the macbook pro .
the mac snow leopard o/s is extremely easy to use , although very different than win xp , visa or win7 .
i always swore by pcs and would never consider a mac .
it still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
eventually we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the machine that was causing the problems .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
he did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
when i got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then i started experiencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
i would never buy a dell again .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
in the shop , these macbooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con ) .
the only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but i expected that .
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years .
apple care included .
i would definitely suggest this laptop !
overall , still a very nice machine .
i love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
i lost two items i was working on until i figured out what was happening .
you 'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them .
my children wo n't even use it for their school work .
- i give up on my data , i just want a computer reasonably fast ...
i will also say it is much better than i expected !
being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
the keyboard feels good and i type just fine on it .
i was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
cost is more as compared to other brands .
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it .
i was considering buying the air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
the screen is a little glary , and i hated the clicking buttons , but i got used to them .
the built quality is really good , i was so happy and excited about this product .
i actually contact toshiba before i started having problem and was given run around after i supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
if you want more information on macs i suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
the screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
on the twelfth day that i had the notebook , i decided to go to dell 's website and update it .
and mine had broke but i sent it in under warranty - no problems .
from the get-go , the m6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
the only thing i would change about it is the mouse keys .
it 's a great product for a great price !
after doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 " mbp i5 .
in early may i got it back and this time i only had it back for 1 day before it had a new issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so i was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " senior tech " .
i took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and i finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
the first problem is that the keyboard function is simply unsatisfactory .
it is super fast , and always loads .
now for the hardware problems .
no complaints for an apple product .
i have an iphone , and ipad , so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the mini .
i would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
delivery was early too .
looking online , many people are having the same problem .
the one down side to it is that when i play a certain game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
very small and portable i 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and it 's better than expected .
the casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
there was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the ibook .
the operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
( the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive . )
it is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
i have used both pcs and macs and i have to say that i really really love my mac book pro .
later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me .
in the past few years , i 've had terrible experiences with hp .
i gave it to my daughter because i just hated the screen , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd 's when i wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
it is always reliable , never bugged and responds well .
it took me a while top get away from the land of pcs , but now that i have , i ca n't see myself going back to it .
the advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
i have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
i would buy it again in a heartbeat !
better stick with another brand .
again - windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
it allows you to automatically upload photos to your facebook account with one click .
toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it .
skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
they told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what i 've done .
other ports include firewire 800 , gigabit ethernet , magsafe port , microphone jack .
i have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
compared to similarly spec 'd pcs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
unless you need the bluetooth 3 .
i called their repair depot as was told they would send me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
best buy rocks !
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem .
i 'll wait and save up for a new one .
there are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a windows computer .
thank god for " ctrl z " bottom line , i 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
i do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so i ca n't recommend it if you are in the computer field .
i thought learning the mac os would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a pc .
also the battery is completely shot .
the driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
i also bought one for my wife , and 3 for my office .
a very important feature is firewire 800 which in my experience works better then usb3 ( in pc enabled with usb3 ) i was not originally sold on the mac os i felt it was inferior in many ways to windows 7 .
the letter a stopped working after the first week .
within 3 weeks the same issues started happening again .
the fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury - when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
i bought this laptop was the worst laptop i 've ever bought .
at 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
i was also able to install and use my photoshop and after effects programs easily .
as with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what i consider useless applications .
i was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
the cover for the dvd drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
replaced this one with my mac that was stolen , its a great computer .
i know apples are more expensive than pcs , but he thinks it is worth every penny .
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one .
they freeze all the time .
what can i say .
i remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever i look at the small scratch that it has caused .
no hassle and no complaints .
as for the laptop , this is our 3rd apple computer in the past 2 years .
i really wish i had done this years ago .
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
stopped booting up less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
it took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that i owned the warranty .
works well , and i am extremely happy to be back to an apple os .
long story , but after many calls to various offices , i was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
i have had it over a year now with out a glitch of any kind . . i love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is fast and clear as can be .
just bit the bullet and bought the mac hoping it will last a lot longer  .
i do n't know why i did n't make the switch sooner ... o ya because it 's expensive .
windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
it still heats up like mad and i am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time .
after all was said and done , i essentially used that $ 450 savings to buy 16gb of ram , two seagate momentus xt hybrid drives and an owc upgrade kit to install the second hard drive .
so happy with this purchase , i just wish it came with microsoft word .
the nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
no startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
the great 18 month same as cash financing and advance protection plan which includes accidents like spills .
amazing performance for anything i throw at it .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free .
i worked in it retail sales before .
very nice so far .
quick and has built in virus control .
so glad i have gone this route !!
enabling the battery timer is useless .
i highly recommend that you buy this product .
i would never tell anyone to buy one either .
it discharges too quickly .
plus it is small and reasonably light so i can take it with me to and from work .
also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
i had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
never been hacked .
its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
i think this computer is super lame .
i 'm extremely happy with my purchase as i now have the portable power i have been looking for .
5 ) cut my losses and sold it for parts
there were no scratches or dents or any marks at all .
keyboard responds well to presses .
i had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
i love the apple products .
i want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
the sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
this laptop is a great buy .
but if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
i bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
my friends are in awe every time they come over !
screen - although some people might complain about low res which i think is ridiculous .
- when battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the machouse amsterdam for repair ( 26th of august ) .
for this purpose , it 's great .
it is so much easier to use
wonderful features .
" this is n't a big deal , i have n't noticed the issue with dvds or other media , only through usb output .
true quality at a great price !
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
it is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices , and usb devices are recognized almost instantly .
keys stick periodically and i havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
nothing wrong with this computer at all !
i got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so i was now on the second motherboard within 3 months .
i like itunes , the apparent security , the mini form factor , all the nice graphics stuff .
after the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq .
my husband uses it mostly for games , email and music .
i cant believe hp put this out .
again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , i feel like i can do programming homework anywhere .
the battery has never worked well .
i work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
it 's annoying very much and i wo n't ever buy any acer products .
did i mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams bulk ?
so far , so good !
i bought this emachines notebook pc in january of this year and i am highly dissatisfied with it .
so i called , again .
buy the mac mini it 's a terribly great machine .
but i was completely wrong , this computer is unbelievable amazing and easy to use .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb ram , the computer was kinda slow .
speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
every time i log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that i have to go through .
i upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
i bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
there is a blank lighted screen when i start and that is all .
the battery life is probably an hour at best .
3 ) horrible customer support
runs real quick .
i also wanted windows 7 , which this one has .
i especially like the backlit keyboard .
1 . you can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does not support that function ) .
after that the said it was under warranty .
i would buy this lap top over and over again !
it is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
the notebook pc , toshiba qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me .
garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications i 've had experience with .
this computer is exceptionally thin for it 's screen size and processing power .
this machine delivers .
apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the screen will " topple " or " slide " down , if you understand what i mean .
granted , it 's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my mac boots up noticeably quicker .
also the keyboard does not light up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
the baterry is very longer .
it made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
the bottom-line is that this laptop just is n't worth it .
the sound is nice and loud ; i do n't have any problems with hearing anything .
screen is awesome , battery life is good .
the touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that i never want to use buttons to click again !
" i 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely love it .
no luck , although i waited for hours on the phone-visited machouse , they stated the their call center is down due to too many phone calls ( difficult to believe ) .
i initially purchased my macbook pro 13 " in april , and i loved it .
adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
another problem .
the screen takes some getting use to , because it is smaller than the laptop .
but the machine is awesome and ilife is great and i love snow leopard x .
i can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner .
if someone called me an apple fanboy it would make sense .
for the not so good , i got the stock screen - which is very glossy .
the only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
so we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
could n't keep a page up you were working on !
i would buy one of these for every person in my office if i could .
so i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
if you are looking for something reliable , this is the laptop for you .
it is easy to use and lightweight .
my last laptop was a 17 " asus gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , i found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the asus had been slowly developing problems ever since i bought it about 4 years ago .
i fell in love with it .
the other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of appleworks which can render the browser useless .
, applications respond immediately ( not like the tired ms applications ) .
i would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
few viruses to catch ;
laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
the service i received from toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
so far , so good .
the volume is really low to low for a laptop was not expecting volume to be so low and i hate that about this computer
the os is fast and fluid , everything is organized and it 's just beautiful .
and windows 7 works like a charm .
we both recently got new laptops .
it 's a lottery at this point as i have read that other have received new ones with the same problem .
the built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
excellent led monitor and well equipped .
i 'm very impressed .
i will have to purchase spy ware or nortell for privacy protection .
in the three years i 've had my macbook pro , i have never had a virus on my computer , and i do a lot of work on the internet .
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops .
the battery life seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
i just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
awesome graphics !
this computer was awful !
if you have much higher expectations than that ... i would look elsewhere .
i can not even read what i am writing half of the time .
i believe i purchased this in dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day , 4-6 days a week .
the speed is incredible and i am more than satisfied .
dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
did not enjoy the new windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
about 1/2 of the sites i need to visit because of my work contain some type of flash .
good bye blue screen and critical errors !!!!
it is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
good monitor and performed well .
in the first month of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
i think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but i rather have a hard copy .
i had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
the macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day i bought it .
i paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
it 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum , easily capable of running starcraft ii and other games with comparable graphics .
they really screwed the pooch on this one .
i now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a windows laptop .
since i purchased my toshiba netbook , i have been very pleased with it , i have a laptop and a desktop .
i should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer .
almost 4 years ago i bought what was then the current , up to date hp pavilion -- if i recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
my husband got me this for chrismas after getting me a very expensive laptop that did not work after 2 days .
- i propose that i can just swap the hard drives .
besides , the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales .
exactly that , users .
i bought this mac book pro along with a new 27 " imac and while they are still light years more reliable than a pc i have noticed a decline in the reliability of my mac computers .
and as for all the fancy finger swipes -- i just gave up and attached a mouse .
i also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
i do not like too much windows 8 .
i wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
the toshiba mini notebook , model nb 305-n410bl , is a great little computer .
i got what i paid for .
the first one i had was a 2006 model , not the pro .
the os is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a pc , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this os !
i have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
i was ready to take it back for a refund , but the geek squad came through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed .
this netbook went bad on me after 3 days .
then it ceased charging at all .
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
hopefully my replacement is brand new .
but reasons we chose this apple computer .
first the screen goes completely out .
this laptop meets every expectation and windows 7 is great !
might have to buy one for me now , since i use it all the time .
it has happened again and i 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
screen , keyboard , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
i purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
to be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
the only time i have restarted is during system updates .
i want my l505-s5988 back !
i am not much of a computer techie , so i can understand some of the internal problems , though i do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
my one complaint with this laptop is that i 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
received all four in good order ;
on two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969 .
the keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
no tutorials on the display .
i ca n't even turn it off .
i know some people complained about hdmi issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
this computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
hopefully amazon will take this back .
- they reported that the computer is in their headquarters .
but , mac makes the switch from pc to mac easy .
do not buy gateway computers they are junk and the warranty company is horrible .
i do n't know how i could ever live without my qosmio .
ive owned apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
i can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
the so called laptop runs to slow and i hate it !
it is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
i will not be using that slot again .
i could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
every driver on the drivers/applications dvd is everything you will need for a reload .
first , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
not something you want to miss out on !!!
that seemed to solve the problem , till i wrote an article with semicolons in it .
no more lenovo for me .
once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
the exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
this laptop serves all my needs .
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
i investigated netbooks and saw the toshiba nb305-n410bl .
the # 1 reason that is always repeated .
the computer is currently in west verginia doe to the method of shipping chosen by toshiba .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
in short i would never buy a compaq again .
of course , i inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and i even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
it really is perfect for work and play .
i would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more than a toshiba that is n't good at all .
and if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
that 's very possible , but since they do n't make windows xp drivers for the sound card in this machine , i was stuck until windows 7 came out .
that defeated the whole point of a laptop .
for the price and what i get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
i realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
i did a lot of research and ended up thinking this toshiba was the best one for me .
much faster than my old windows laptop that died on me .
additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
they do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
web access through the 3g network is so slow , it 's very frustrating and very disappointing .
the battery is irreplaceable .
the new operating system makes this computer into a super ipad .
the key bindings take a little getting used to , but have loved the macbook pro .
finally , i could n't take it anymore and ordered my apple .
my computer froze on several occasion , had buttons that randomly would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
this is a great machine !
my wife also has problems with her asus - different model .
instead of taking another chance on toshiba , i went with an asus g73jh-x3 .
the local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer usually even the trouble some toshiba satellite .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
i practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
and if you are a game player it works with world of warcraft wonderfully .
this by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life amazing .
thank you so much for the great item .
and the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
i actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they finally agreed to replace it , ( all of this in less than 1-1/2 years !
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
i 've had to call apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
i hate it !
obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human interface .
by this time i was regretting ever seeing this machine on the shelf !
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac .
maybe not the cutting edge ( satellite l455d ) but it is a workhorse .
the battery is not as shown in the product photos .
apple is unmatched in product quality , aesthetics , craftmanship , and customer service .
this is my first lg product .
the hewitt packard pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop , before this i had a dell desktop that i loved .
but the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
however i chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
still have n't solved this .
go for it !
i might have read it incorrectly , but better safe than sorry right ?
on 3 july 2004 , i purchased this model at best buy for about $ 150
worse , for the price i could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
the price was very good , and the product is top quality .
i 've already upgraded o mavericks and i am impressed with everything about this computer .
i can not even imaging going back to a pc after using this wonderful computer .
she told me flatly , " it 's like that one .
btw , i checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that i was not alone , far from it .
my power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the applecare warranty plan .
i called apple and no solution .
features such as the dashboard ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
everything i have tried has worked and i never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
the led backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
we researched and found the best price at macconnection .
it just works flawlessly !
my mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
it has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
good luck with your purchase options .
but the performance of mac mini is a huge disappointment .
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
but sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because im used to my lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if i want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when i take photos and video .
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
first things first , macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
when i am next to my router on my hp i get full service , on my eee pc i get 3 bars .
the size is perfect and i do not recommend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
i thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and i would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
so far , i have no complaints .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
features like the font are very block-like and old school .
the ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
none of the techs at hp knew what they were doing .
- no backlit keyboard , but not an issue for me .
the computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different fedex offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse it support technicians in the world .
it 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... in resume : it 's a mac !
chatting with acer support , i was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
i mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
english must have been his third or fourth language .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
- called machouse amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
it ca n't get any better .
again , decent comp for the price , and i was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
sorry , newegg .
i use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
this is a great little computer for the price .
i ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27 " imacs .
i got the macbook and he got a macbook pro .
i have used different laptops in the past and i have to rate this one way above the rest .
the computer is a dream come true .
they are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
i could n't be more pleased .
when i got the computer back and realized it still was not correct hp told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
it crashes , and when it goes flat , it just dies ( like a pc , maybe worse ) and i loose all my open documents !
summary : i 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
i purchased it this year when my old hp laptop finally died and i was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
since i 've had this computer i 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
- got it back 3 months later
the dell inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard , which i miss on my apple laptops .
very disappointed !
this is my first computer purchase
i paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
i homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
however , a netbook will be a different story .
because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
tried to make a recovery disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
the toshiba satellite has been more than i expected for the price .
i had to have these computers in my school .
i was n't a big fan of the netbooks but this one was very well designed .
my last computer , a toshiba , cost only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
the macbooks worth every penny .
it 's not like i have used for half a year and then complained about it .
i dual boot with linux and that other security-prone os and it performs flawlessly .
meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis .
the aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
shiny this laptop is the best of the best !
connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
i saw the mini mac at best buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
i decided i wanted a laptop so i went into the bby store .
it is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
i tell everyone that i know , friends , family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used .
i love the multi-touch trackpad .
the dvd drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
with today 's company fighting over market share , its a shame that asus can get away with the inept staff answering the phone .
not sure how i recommend it for quality gaming , as i have a desktop rig for that reason .
and that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed .
i 'm now trying to decide on another dell model .
i was so happy with my new mac .
i am an info sys major in college , so i started researching this issue on my own .
the acer one computer is a great computer .
in addition , there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
the only thing i dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
the os takes some getting used to especially after being a windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
the keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
in desperation , i called their customer service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the privilege of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
i sent it back and they lost it .
so not having my laptop was discouraging .
you just get a trial version either way .
the programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
not worth it one bit .
good luck .
so what am i supposed to do ? the lg service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
it 's catatonic .
then just the other day , my left " mouse " button snapped !
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
boot time is super fast , around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute .
i visited the apple store and was impressed with the 17-inch macbook pro .
love the speed , especially !
if upgrade is possible to the full windows 7 , then i will truly be a very happy geek .
i have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
this is my first personal satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous satellite work issued laptops .
obviously we both got new macs .
took that one home , same thing .
web browsing is very quick with safari browser .
falls into the case .
yeah , to you .
but it came back in even worse shape .
its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
so , if you 're thinking of a laptop , i would heartily recommend the apple 13.3 macbook pro notebook computer ( z0j80001 ) notebook for all your needs !
i love my macbook pro !
the games included are very good games .
runs hot i thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an apple product .
returning this as soon as i get out of work
it is much better than the acer ultrabook i had before .
who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? so , i said i wanted a new set .
user friendly , fast and high tech it is amazing !
one of the smartest thing i did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
after years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the apple route .
i have the a65 - right now it 's a paperweight .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
summary : they played games with me for the warranty period .
somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
i had to call apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
i have never had any issues or problems with my macbook pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when i first bought it .
really great ... well let me start at the beginning .
also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the " star wars " saga .
nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that i do .
the reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my documents folder .
other than that , i would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
the program came with the computer and works beautifully .
oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from hp .
i 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
and inconvenient !
this laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials .
i had to install mountain lion and it took a good two hours .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
there is no need to purchase virus protection for mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
i did n't like one thing about it .
what can i say , it 's an apple .
after much battling with hp i was able to return it 4 times for repairs .
did n't work when shipped from walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model ) .
this is the first time that i tried and owning a netbook although i have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , i find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
after having two pc laptops die with in the past 3 years , i was led to the apple display at best buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
it is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
i 've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye 'd the computer when i took it out of my bag .
so , i took it back to the apple store and they ( narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
but the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
i found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at best buy which was a great deal !
the awesomest of the awesomest .
because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
i am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
it is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
and i may be the only one but i am really liking windows 8 .
does everything i wanted this laptop to do .
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
this one has had the same effect .
this is definitely a computer worth the money ;
my only problem is i can not reg . the product key .
it had most of the features and all of the power that i wanted to replace my desktop machine .
every day i had this computer , something failed on it .
lots of preloaded software .
not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
i will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
it took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
with notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
do n't waste your money or time .
i liked the aluminum body .
this is my second macbook pro and it 's better than ever .
2 . the wireless card is low quality .
the receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance .
it did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
the computer was two weeks late in delivery because hp forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk ... this is in an un-air conditioned room in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
i expected so as it 's an apple product , but i was glad to see my expectations exceeded , this is the laptop to buy right now .
returned it .
i love the operating system and the preloaded software .
this is my first dell i heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it !
it 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than i could ever expect from a notebook .
i shipped out on saturday , july 17 .
in all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
i will never complain about the price since i believe you get what you pay for and my macbook pro was worth every dollar .
the speakers on it are useless too .
i 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
the battery lasts as advertised ( give or take 15-20 minutes ) , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing i was told , was that it was out of warranty and i could pay to have it repaired .
i use it mostly for content creation ( audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
cheaper than buying it @ apple too !
it is amazing .
performance is much much better on the pro , especially if you install an ssd on it .
it was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
just a black screen !
my favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my sony .
was searching online for a power supply when i found this site .
we love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
i made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " buy " and it drew from my itunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality - exactly how i had created it and looked better than i had even imagined .
was a great deal i will give that .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
i have owned many computers and laptops .
buy this .
recommended to people as their first laptop .
but after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
i grew up in a design family so it only made sense .
i think this ps was manufactured in the mid 90 's .
really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
this laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
three weeks after i bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
it works !
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happening so hopefully we can get a new one very soon !
oh my goodness - i am not a happy camper .
easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
you might think , i am new in this game , but i am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
the only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
it is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
kind of annoying , but i still love the laptop .
and it 's so quiet that i do n't hear it at all .
the display is awesome .
consumer report recommended toshiba .
it is so simple to use , i use it more than my desktop .
i purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
it was a hard decision for me since the macbook pro looked so appealing .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon - cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - otd !
if you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the case and be happy , plus it looks nice , i bought the white one from best buy .
the battery life is amazingly long at 7 hrs and 5 hrs if you use it .
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to look at , i think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of macs .
the delivery was fast , and i would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
it is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
and it did n't show up on the reciept , i do n't know how we ordered it online !
the case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
i am glad i did my research .
the other day i had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
perfect -- thanks so .
by the way teachers , they offer a discount which helps !
i have been pc for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
no good .
posted nov 8 , 2010 - two weeks ago i bought this notebook .
the i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos .
i never had this kind of quality issue with dell ( not to say dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
yet my mac continues to function properly .
i have had the luxury ( sarcasm ) of owning 2 of these laptops .
the mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
screen is bright and gorgeous .
it was just one problem after another for me , and that 's reason we had forked out so much money was so we would n't have anything to worry about .
that being said after 2 weeks of owning every time i start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
that being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
i will not buy another one .
my smart phone is faster !
even though it is much more expensive than many pc laptops , it is worth the price .
i should have kept my big , old hp .
i had a macbook notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
this flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else apple got right with the mini .
quietest laptop i have ever owned .
i have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
the only thing i miss are the " home/end " type keys and other things that i grew accustomed to after so long .
i do not plan on going back .
they transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you ca n't understand what they are saying .
quite simply this is the best laptop i have ever owned . #simply +1 , best +1
what a waste of time it was to run a defrag on the pc !
i like the brightness and adjustments .
luckily , dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one , but instead i got a refund and bought a mac .
the whole experience is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop .
biggest complaint is windows 8 .
:) in the past four years i 've had it i have never once gotten a virus .
this mouse is terrific .
it was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
small and still very powerful .
i ca n't say enough of how satisfied i am with their product and help aftermarket .
i was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that i was looking for .
may be better for the occasional web surfer .
its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
i wanted to spend around $ 700 to $ 800 so i was directed to a nice looking hp laptop .
after 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , i managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
how does the power supply not work !!!
it has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
( the ibook backup also uses a firewire connection ) .
needs constant repair .
then to make matters worst , there is noone that they can transfer you to .
it 's a long and tiring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
he loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
the battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if i ran off the battery with the high efficiency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
just what i needed for portable and my wallet too !
the computer was delivered as promised .
i am also upset with cr for giving a good rating .
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
i 've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates .
i would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously right after i bought this one .
the like new condition of the imac mc309ll/a on amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a quad-core 2.5 ghz cpu ( similar to the $ 799 mini ) , with radeon hd 6750m 512mb graphic card ( this mini is integrated intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless apple keyboard and mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
it should n't happen like that , i do n't have any design app open or anything .
our apple 13.3 macbook pro notebook computer ( z0j80001 ) notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking .
where you click and hold and drag it picture , link , etc to where you want it .
took the netbook on a vacation trip and i was able to do whatever i wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
i 've had my macbook pro for three years now and still love it !
i claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
but no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it on their website !!!
the capabilities using that program alone made me want a mac .
i 'm very happy with this machine !
i work on a pc at home and have used pc all through college .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
i got the black macbook two years ago and have never regretted it .
that day !
i bought a logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the mbp , but i use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
i am totally satisfied with my little toshiba !
it pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
i have owned it only two months !
this is the first apple product that i have purchased .
it will be returned in the state to which it was shipped michigan .
my sister is the electronics manager at wal mart and she says that hp is the best .
the best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
the new mbp offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
i do n't really have a complaint .
the feel of this machine compared to the old macbook is far superior .
but in fact it is totally the opposite .
it is much faster than my desktop which is a core2 quad running at 2.83 ghz .
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home , and it runs just fine .
enjoy your sit down
i 've had this laptop for about a month now .
by the time i was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed i had been without my computer for almost a week while i was an online college student , so it was very inconvenient and i had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
have returned that laptop unused .
the shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
overall : poor , features : average , performance : poor , battery life : excellent , price value : poor
one more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4gb stick of ram to save you $ 10
do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? it will not !
a month later , we reinstall the os ( vista ) .
i am just amazed .
i will never go back to windows !
far superior to my macbook .
i had to re-install windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
the black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks i 've seen .
boots up fast and runs great !
startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
i returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have wo n't work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it .
it had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
you can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps , it needs signature to pove that you received it .
i was having a though time deciding between the 13 " macbook air or the macbook pro 13 " ( both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
acer was no help and garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so i returned it and purchased a toshiba r700 that seems even nicer and i was able to load all of my software with no problem .
my macbook is probably the best investment i have ever made .
i would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had windows 8
it suddenly can not work .
simple to use , and great graphics .
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
i 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
i am now frustrated that i still have to use my work issued windows laptop !
i love everything about it .
i currently own a lenovo laptop as well as my new macbook pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
we did not even have it a year .
the mbp i recieved was everything it should have been .
let 's just get this out of the way , i love apple !
the magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( i even put it to the test by accident ) excellent innovation !
i ca n't honestly say i was heartbroken .
in the short time of one month since the 2012 mac mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising .
the unibody design is edgy and durable .
you will not regret it , promise you !
they sent out a sony ' certified ' technician .
right size and weight for portability .
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
its fast and another thing i like is that it has three usb ports .
in my house , hp is a nasty word .
this is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
i had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
if you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
hope this helped !
it is trash !
not too much " junk " software to remove .
they would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
i hope to edit this in the next few hours , i am going to try to install my own copy of windows 7 .
help , help , other than that gets a great little wonder .
this is a great computer .
i never tried any external mics with that imac .
so glad i did not waste money on a less than par product .
the difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
the graphics are stunning .
the apple pro notebook will not let you down .
looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , i decided to purchase the mbp 15in intel core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
the first one sent : touchpad did n't work the second sent : usb did n't work the third sent : touchpad did n't work the fourth sent : has n't arrived yet .
when i called toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
my wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections i turn on should work .
it 's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk .
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
* = webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
i have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
suffice it to say , my macbook pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
it just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the os .
the price is 200 dollars down .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
you will fall in love with it in no time .
5 months dead again .
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
the only thing i wish is the 15 inch macbook pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
you will not regret buying this computer !
so if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
besides the great look , it is a great machine .
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for time machine .
this is especially disheartening when apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
the laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the windows 7 starter and not the full windows 7 .
support has been lackluster and now i just want a refund .
no viruses !
it 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why i bought it in the first place .
i needed a laptop with big storage , a nice screen and fast so i can photoshop without any problem .
the design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
i have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
osx lion is a great performer . . extremely fast and reliable .
let me start off by saying that i was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop .
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , iweb , itunes , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
the price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
one suggestion i do have , is to not bother getting microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a pc .
for the use it was purchased for it is a good laptop .
it is super easy to use .
all was well .
all in all , i 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with hp as a whole .
it was so exciting for me to unwrap my new mac .
i 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
yes , the mbp is more expensive than competing pc laptops .
my only issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
i have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet !
the big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
i 've had my macbook pro since august 2009 .
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again .
it would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
but you must get the 15 inch .
the apple care has never failed me , and i expect it to be the same for this computer as well .
pretty much made sense to get a mini .
the battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
the motherboard is dead !
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners .
it still serves me well both in business and home needs .
the pricing is very competitive .
do n't buy this model .
no star for this trash . [ ...
as an owner of a toshiba satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which i am used to it being on the side .
i love ths notebook .
purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
i also purchased office max 's " max assurance " with the " no lemon " clause .
he 's thrilled with his new laptop .
you wo n't be disappointed .
runs smooth and quick .
with the needs of a professional photographer i generally need to keep up with the best specs .
this ai n't it .
and if you are switching from a pc i highly sugest this one .
: - ) if you buy this - do n't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
it seems they could have updated xp and done without creating vista .
other thoughts : i love newegg , i recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
the layout of the macbook is horrible and confusing ;
ok first .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
just chill and enjoy .
now i know !
it has no camera but , i can always buy and install one easy .
i just hope this expensive laptop does n't go dead like my friends ... it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust .
if you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
- when i started worrying for not hearing anything from them , i tried to call .
they do n't crash .
it is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an alienware gaming machine .
there are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
i got the blue screen of death the first month i got it .
i had 3 months when the ports started going out .
it would not let me connect to my wifi system where i lived .
the processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
i would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
also , it hardly ever crashes .
i do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and i 'll never buy another one because i 've put more into it then it is worth .
i was disappointed when i realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
it has everything you need to get the job done .
its by far faster and more stable then my pc .
there is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
amazing product as you would expect from apple .
the apple macbook is the best investment that i have ever made .
they sent it off and within 2 weeks i had it back good as new .
they were able to set-up with laptops themselves within a few minutes .
i dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing .
the os is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
when it broke i wanted another acer and chose the v5 .
it turned out it 's not really a problem to have a mac .
it came alot faster than i thought it would have which was really exciting .
the programs that come standard with the leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
only issue is that it is a little slow , and i 'm fixing that by adding more ram .
also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
i was even able to uninstall mcaffe and install one of my symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
i had to return it for a replacement .
best buy - 5 stars + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology ) dell computers - 3 stars dell support - owes a me a couple
price and purpose is awesome !
this mac mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its mac os 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
speakers too small to be of any real use .
i always have used a tower home pc and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
still trying to learn how to use it .
even if apple replaces whatever needs replacing i wonder if , since i seem to be doubling the amount of time i get out of it each time it 's " like new , " i might have 8 months next time .
i guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
prior to this computer , i owned a powerbook g4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
i use my mac all the time , i love the software , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you do n't have to worry about viruses .
well , maybe i was just very unlucky .
( i found a 2gb stick for a bit under $ 50 ) nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
also ... - excellent operating system - size and weight for optimal mobility - excellent durability of the battery - the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand -
my hp g60-244dx died after only 16 months .
the ram memory is good but should have splurged for 8mb instead of 4mb .
even though i had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
i just recently had to ship my laptop back to hp for repair .
i like the lighted screen at night .
how toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
extremely disappointed with the way it is .
$ 999.00 tax free .
before i bought my new i5 , i did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for hp to apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
the screen is huge and colorful , but no led backlighting .
hp is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
the macbook pro is really responsive .
so noise is reduced at least 50 % and the heat is much better , now it does n't feel hot but warm .
i have had my new macbook pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled all of my old pc laptops .
amazing machine .
your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
this is no exception .
i would not recommend the purchase of this model of toshiba computer or any toshiba product for that matter .
it is fast and easy to use .
good price .
so this review might be a tad bit bias .
windows xp sp2 caused many problems on the computer , so i had to remove it .
i occasionally use it for work via vpn and it has not given me any problems .
i have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
fully charged , the macbook pro can last about five hours unplugged .
i will never buy another computer from dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how i was treated by the company .
it has easy to use features and all the speed and power i could ask for .
the amd turin processor seems to always perform so much better than intel .
i think just going from pc to mac has gotten me totally spoiled and i ca n't imagine ever going back .
i would highly recommend this one to my friends
taking it anywhere was a pain !
i love the quick start up .
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
it 's fast and dependable .
do you think i purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that i can demand a new set ? do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? or rather no solution .
small enough to use on a long flight , light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
for me i was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and best buy matched their price so i was able to buy one for under $ 1000
they claim that i should be happy because i am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
believe me apple has a reputation .
i definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
size : i know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
i let my friend borrow it , and she knows nothing about computers , and she used it with ease .
thank you best buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were great too !
they 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
i love windows 7 which is a vast improvment over vista .
they say sorry out of warranty .
i am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great !
the machine itself is alright .
the toshiba satellite laptop is designed to fail !
i highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
the macbook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
it 's color is even cool .
of course , emachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
for the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
but , buy this model and just purchase 4gb of ram ( 2x2gb for $ 92 or 1x4gb for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8gb of ram .
took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without .
i love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it .
i now travel with this laptop and my work pc .
pc never worked right even after bios fixed .
* 6th week * - they are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit ...
i was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
i respond that i do not have the old computer ...
- managed to send complaint email .
i continued to take the computer in again and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
for those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
however , if i sound enthusiastic about this , i am !
when considering a mac , look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag .
looked at hp , asus , acer , sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find i really liked .
programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
i have never had an experience like this .
do not purchase this laptop .
my wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
not super light but still a good one .
from the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer !
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped opening web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it .
it has been nothing but trouble from the time we bought it .
i was sorely disapointed to discover that hp ( what i thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
when i took it back to best buy i asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
i wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
it 's very annoying .
it is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
if you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core amd or intel processor .
nothing about it that i do n't love , apple always makes a great product .
sent unit back and it 's been two months .
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
i wanted something that had a new intel core processors and hdmi port so that we could hook it up directly to our tv .
of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
i 've been a pc user and i just finally switched and i am never going back .
oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
- stay away from machouse amsterdam .
this computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
i bought my acer aspire custom made in june 2008 .
99 to fix it .
screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
fine if you have a touch screen .
the touch pad is among the best .
would do business again .
well , i have to say since i bought my mac , i wo n't ever go back to any windows .
this one still has the cd slot .
it was n't worth it .
i love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop i 've used .
in my line of work , i often have to take work home , and this makes it so easy .
i took the computer into best buy where i purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
bought it to use mostly for online classes .
i ca n't begin to say how disappointed i am .
i use this for my tutoring business , and since i 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
it did everything we expected !
probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything i ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
very good quality and well made .
not to mention it has shit gigs .
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
i 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
they offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like toshiba .
sorry toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
but for now , this laptop is still a workhorse .
it 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they ca n't guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and i have to accept the outcome .
it is the best all around mac .
a month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
this is a great laptop and i would recommend it to anyone .
the only problems are the sound is n't very loud i have to wear headphones .
this is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
