when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
i have had it over a year now with out a glitch of any kind . . i love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is fast and clear as can be .
easy learning curve .
minis make sense for a lot of people .
this mac is great !
with the upgraded memory , the macbook pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happening so hopefully we can get a new one very soon !
bottom line , i doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
user friendly , fast and high tech it is amazing !
i 've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts .
many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
exactly that , users .
i love this product because it is toshiba and its 15.6 " .
still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
i could have purchased a cheap computer to do what i 'm doing now !
i can use it for all of my needs .
( i definatly ca n't ) .
either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
and it 's so quiet that i do n't hear it at all .
( beware , their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
i will never go back to a pc again !
probably wo n't work either .
its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
registration/1st use is easy .
and if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
he loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
the rep did not even answer my question , i had to ask him , if he understood what i ask or if he spoke english because he did n't even try to acknowledge my question .
runs hot i thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an apple product .
at first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
great performance and quality .
if you want more information on macs i suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
the hard drive crashed as well , and i had to buy a new power cord .
ever since i bought this laptop , so far i 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services i received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
a seventy dollar mouse !
the few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
i had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
good price .
the computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my pc did , and i have all of the programs that were on my pc .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
well , i bought this laptop a month or two ago .
we use the built in tools often , itunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iphone .
oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all i use the old word processor which works good .
i would recommend not buying this product .
very disappointing :
and the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
when typing , letters and spaces are frequently omitted requiring the user to redo many words and sentences .
ca n't wait until i go on vacation and take it with me .
so it was only about 2 weeks ago .
my macbook is faster than any comparable pc .
using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
this was my first macbook purchase ever .
my wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
if you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
again , decent comp for the price , and i was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
i had to call apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
however , a netbook will be a different story .
took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without .
i would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
purchased a toshiba lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
received all four in good order ;
i have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that i would have learned a lot quicker if i would have taken the class .
with today 's company fighting over market share , its a shame that asus can get away with the inept staff answering the phone .
i bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
i had my pc laptop for 3 years and going to a macbook pro is like i leaped through time .
it 's fast and dependable .
this computer is exceptionally thin for it 's screen size and processing power .
hopefully amazon will take this back .
the ati graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft .
it would take up too much time to do research for my papers and i would be up hours - just because the computer was too slow .
there is nothing to complain about the system .
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones / mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
i fell in love with my machine , and it was pampered .
i did not take the class and wish that i would have .
its small enough where i can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
so , if you 're thinking of a laptop , i would heartily recommend the apple 13.3 macbook pro notebook computer ( z0j80001 ) notebook for all your needs !
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
might not make the avid gamer happy but i do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
- apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
i thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new mac ecosystem .
premium price for the os more than anything else .
i was informed that i need to call some 0900 number first .
then the hard drive failed ;
its ease of use and the top service from apple - be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar - can not be beat .
acer has set me up with free recovery discs , when they are available since i asked .
this is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
the fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury - when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
the speed , the simplicity , the design . . it is light-years ahead of any pc i have ever owned .
i wanted to explore what the mac was all about .
i took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one .
in the short time of one month since the 2012 mac mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising .
his language was so bad i swore i was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
microsoft word was not on it and i had to buy it seperately .
we have n't had any problems with it at all .
but the machine is awesome and ilife is great and i love snow leopard x .
i also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
i do not plan on going back .
it 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
company provides ups shipping , fast , great !
thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
after numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in bios setup directly ) , i gave up ( i am a techie ) .
love it so far .
it 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home , and it runs just fine .
highly recommend for daily use .
on two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969 .
i love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention pc 's require .
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
high price tag , however .
the board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
the computer would not ever cut back on .
it fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and i have never had any issues with it freezing .
i have had many , many issues with pc 's in the past and i 'm finally glad to have joined the mac revolution !
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from pc ;
do your research on this issue .
i bought it to use in college and it is perfect .
just be careful ; you always have to give up some good stuff for others .
asked the customer service rep .
they informed me that i had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
also is portable and reliable .
typically , when i purchase a new laptop i always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
after way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop i had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when i might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
i continued to take the computer in again and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
bottom line , if you can afford it , get a mac !
i 've had my macbook pro for three years now and still love it !
everything about the mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
the best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a significant amount off the price .
otherwise , i love it !
i got it for christmas , and i was so excited to set it up !
needs power and mouse cable to plug in back instead of side , in the way of operating a mouse in small area .
product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
he did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
it is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but i am very satisfied .
my kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
i can do everything i could before , only faster and more efficiently .
it 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
it is made of such solid construction and since i have never had a mac using my iphone helped me get used to the system a bit .
great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
it drives me crazy when i want to download a game or something of that nature and i ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
apple removed the dvd drive firewire port ( will work with adapter ) and put the sdxc slot in a silly position on the back .
the display is beyond horrible .
i 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
when i turned it on , nothing .
when we bought our new hp computer in dec. of 2008 , we wanted windows xp , but were told it would cost an extra $ 159 , so we went with vista .
i have an iphone , and ipad , so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the mini .
since i keyboard over 100 wpm , i look for a unit that has a comfortable keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
i bought a logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the mbp , but i use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
i saved about $ 100 plus tax ordering on amazon and since i have prime , it arrived overnight for just $ 3.99 more .
even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
moral of the story : - do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
i spoke with a service rep at micro center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
save your money and go for a better device .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
it gives me the power and speed that i need to run all the programs i use to edit .
it 's software and speed enable it to do amazing things .
it is so much fun to play with .
it is known as safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
, applications respond immediately ( not like the tired ms applications ) .
she said its very user friendly .
i had read online that some users were having sound problems .
my dad has one of the very first toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
i 've almost have bought every generation of macminis since 2005 , and this one has n't let me down .
great pick for portability and affordability .
i found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at best buy which was a great deal !
it would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
now i know !
it is not ideal for children because of the temp .
now , as easy as it is to use , and i do think it is a great starter laptop .
thank you best buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were great too !
other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
i love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop i 've used .
the shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
i used windows xp , windows vista , and windows 7 extensively .
yes , that 's a good thing , but it 's made from aluminum that scratches easily .
also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
i would definitely suggest this laptop !
also , i issued a replacement rma for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
yet my mac continues to function properly .
the screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
great , quick laptop for the money .
asus said my netbook was working properly .
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for time machine .
my hp is very heavy .
took a while to clean it up to my specs .
the first problem is that the keyboard function is simply unsatisfactory .
we 'll save our money to replace it with a mac again !
i have had the luxury ( sarcasm ) of owning 2 of these laptops .
first of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty i 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and i had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
mom , dad , brother , sister , you name it !
this flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else apple got right with the mini .
i babyed the heck out of it and i still do .
the cover for the dvd drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac .
1 . you can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does not support that function ) .
also the display is exceptional !
i 'm new - just switched from years of pc frustration .
deal of the year .
i am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
battery life could be better but overall for the price and toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
does a great job with video shot on a canon 5d mkii .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
speakers does n't sound that great .
at 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
loaded with bloatware .
it even has a great webcam , and skype works very well .
chatting with acer support , i was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
it can not save the correct date and time i set .
very disappointed becase i have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
it 's wonderful for computer gaming .
i was a little weary at purchasing another 13 " macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around .
the only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets , and rather quickly too .
took the netbook on a vacation trip and i was able to do whatever i wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
was searching online for a power supply when i found this site .
-4 ram slots , 2 hdd bays * , 16gb ram support - no wireless issues , at least for me .
when i called toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
it was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
ok first .
please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
it is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
graphics are much improved .
the latest version does not have a disc drive .
while apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
2nd best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgrade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
i did n't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice .
i ca n't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up .
i took the computer into best buy where i purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
after the first few months , the computer started crashing about every week .
strong build though which really adds to its durability .
buyer beware .
the bottom-line is that this laptop just is n't worth it .
get this computer for portability and fast processing !!!
also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the " star wars " saga .
some features are n't friendly ( volume wheel , sound quality , etc .
great investment !
they have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
and , if you are going to deal with hp be careful .
little short on ram but you get what you pay for .
i dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing .
- stay away from apple , or hope you laptop does not break down .
this computer that i have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
i have had two toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the mac .
do n't waste your money !
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have wo n't work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it .
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and usb ports inoperative .
after doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 " mbp i5 .
this computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
no viruses !
the 2.9 ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
i wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
biggest complaint is windows 8 .
- called headquarters again , they report that tft panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
it has easy to use features and all the speed and power i could ask for .
its a good laptop for its value .
i was not aware that this product can not display websites that contain flash .
i just hope the reputation that toshiba has is true and i wo n't have to worry about a crash .
also the speakers are not very loud , but it is a netbook .
not worth it one bit .
it is trash !
just what i needed for portable and my wallet too !
the only thing i can say is that the touch pad does n't work like it should all the time .
avoid this model .
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to microsoft office ) .
have n't regretted it one bit .
my kids have to take their pcs in once a year to have them " debugged " .
overall very impressed , thank you apple and amazon !
i have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
and toshiba is totally unconcerned .
of course , emachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
a great college tool !
i dual boot with linux and that other security-prone os and it performs flawlessly .
the led backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
it 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
this a starter notebook .
you may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
it 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
the only thing i can imagine is that sony jumped on early specifications for vista requirements from microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
it was wonderful deal for the wonderful product .
so a couple of years later , i was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
i just love my mac !
it is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
this mouse is terrific .
see retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop .
i have a lapdesk which i can use , but i can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
the battery has never worked well .
then hp sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
by air sounds more like by truck to me .
it 's light and easy to transport .
the processor a amd sempron at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for hd or heavy computing .
maybe the mac os improvement were not the product they want to offer .
it is the best laptop ever !!!
i considered i may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
i bought this laptop was the worst laptop i 've ever bought .
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years .
oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from hp .
my mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
at first , i feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the mac system .
i was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple i was almost worried that i was doing something wrong .
shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more ...
i 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
the macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day i bought it .
nice screen , keyboard works great !
i 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
as a user of a pc , i will will admit that the macbook pro has a better running system in which i found myself " getting the job done quicker .
they said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not sony itself anymore .
- got it back 3 months later
other than not being a fan of click pads ( industry standard these days ) and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook i do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
i had my iworks , itunes , email , ms office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
with all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
i mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
i get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , i can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
they are closed at 9 pm eastern .
was not happy with one of the programs on it .
the 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
i really like the size and i 'm a fan of the acers .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a restaurant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
out of all the laptops i have owned , this is by far the best !
most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? so , i said i wanted a new set .
this is a great machine !
enough said .
and if u did .
couldnt not use it .
in summary , take your money elsewhere .
very very disappointed !
i can guarantee this will be the last dell i will ever purchase !
( you may be reading one now !
if you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the mbps .
hp is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
computer has been at service facility more than in my hands .
overall : poor , features : average , performance : poor , battery life : excellent , price value : poor
the macbook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
but sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
i preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
it is light and the battery last a very long time .
i chose the ibookg4 , a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone .
i sent it back and they lost it .
i have had my macbook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that i will never buy another computer if it is not a mac .
i am not happy at all with the product i purchased .
my wife recently purchased an apple macbook pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
toshiba has a good reputation , my last computer was an acer .
sound card is limited though .
i ordered through macmall , which saved me the sales tax i would have incurred buying locally .
macs are amazing !!
the screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
this just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
the magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( i even put it to the test by accident ) excellent innovation !
fan noise : the fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
the real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
the only thing i wish is the 15 inch macbook pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
runs real quick .
the sound is nice and loud ; i do n't have any problems with hearing anything .
returned it .
that includes transferring my music and movies .
good bye blue screen and critical errors !!!!
customization on mac is impossible .
it 's not a recommendation , it ' a plea .
so happy with this purchase , i just wish it came with microsoft word .
the majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 macbook pro model # md101ll/a .
the touch pad is among the best .
it caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
the best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features .
for me , five stars is not enough .
i 'm extremely happy with my purchase as i now have the portable power i have been looking for .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
this ai n't it .
the screen shows great colors .
you will regret it if you buy any dell .
no hdmi port .
i would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
really great ... well let me start at the beginning .
considering another computer should be out of the question
from the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer !
buying a mac mini would allow me to make the transition .
needs longer lasting battery , more than 1 to 2 hrs .
hp said i had done the damage .
they had me send in the machine last april returned it to me in may with no documentation on what was done it anything .
it 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
but , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
size : i know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
the toshiba laptop was a great purchase .
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
only good thing is the graphics quality .
i 'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba .
i have n't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review .
it is good to know that i can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life .
if you need an affordable , entry-level laptop , this will fit the bill .
they replaced it and so far so good .
all the programs are easy and straight forward on my macbook pro , it is clean and organized , which i always strive to be myself .
i will never complain about the price since i believe you get what you pay for and my macbook pro was worth every dollar .
i wish i would have taken the plunge years ago .
the only thing that i have , is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters , would help if it was a little lighter then it is .
the hewitt packard pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop , before this i had a dell desktop that i loved .
good luck .
the company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
compared to similarly spec 'd pcs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
i have had at least eight toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
its worth every penny .
then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
enjoy using microsoft office !
i guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
it is of high quality , has a killer gui , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
if only bill gates would read some of what is said here ms would do a better job .
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
you will not regret buying this computer !
have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of pc in my opinion .
will probably never buy a hp again .
it has worked fine .
i had to get apple customer support to correct the problem .
you might think , i am new in this game , but i am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
it 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum , easily capable of running starcraft ii and other games with comparable graphics .
i love it - never had a computer i was so impressed with - and i 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is far and above the best one i ever had before .
it 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... in resume : it 's a mac !
it is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
this is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
it is just slow slow slow .
the much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
if you are a pc user looking to convert i would highly recommend it !
the computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening word or my computer .
it is truly a desktop replacement .
i do n't know how i could ever live without my qosmio .
i love a " pc " but i was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
i will not buy another one .
my wife also has problems with her asus - different model .
my favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so i can connect it to a bigger screen .
not easy to carry .
the body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
the performance is definitely superior to any computer i 've ever put my hands on .
i have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
best commuter i have ever owned .
two times with in one month .
its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
i 'll stick to toshiba .
the battery lasts as advertised ( give or take 15-20 minutes ) , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
for my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin ( it happened 7 months ago ) they offered me an itouch 8gig ( you know it is a bit insulting when a company this rich , offer a loyal customer like me , a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this ) .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install mozilla firefox i love every single bit about it .
having heard from friends and family about how reliable a mac product is , i never expected to have an application crash within the first month , but i did .
while the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the pc world .
it was not clear that the microsoft student edition that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different fedex offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse it support technicians in the world .
all of them were windows machines .
so , the hard disk capacity really does n't matter to me .
not good for a person who gets online daily .
you better believe my next computer will be a mac !
it 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
i dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
just do n't waste your time and money on this .
i find it not to be very user friendly .
the materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
so , i thought why not give mac book pro a try .
again .
he 's thrilled with his new laptop .
what a waste of time it was to run a defrag on the pc !
everything from the design to the os is simple and to the point .
images are crisp and clean .
he left me , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
i paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
not the day received .
so i called , again .
i could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
performance is much much better on the pro , especially if you install an ssd on it .
a cheaper price should not equal a " cheap " product .
then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the macbook pro .
note that i do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
the only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
first things first , macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day i turn it on , no gui , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
i love the keyboard .
it 's color is even cool .
i picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and i thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
the specs are pretty good too .
i would highly recommend this macbook .
love it i 've always been an apple fan boy , but never had the money to buy a mac , only ipads and iphones , and this is my first mac , blew me away completely .
it is much better than the acer ultrabook i had before .
it was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
this computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
the first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
i could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
it completely supports my home business and personal life .
my hp g60-244dx died after only 16 months .
they say it could be the motherboard again , but dell
i looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key .
after 3 pleasant weeks of use , the laptop just died .
from the moment i opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
i waited to review to make sure it is what it is .
i am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
system is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
the touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
for 2 months .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing i was told , was that it was out of warranty and i could pay to have it repaired .
so think about factoring those things in when you purchase .
finally , i could n't take it anymore and ordered my apple .
amazing quality !
well , i started using google chrome , which is a little better , but it freezes too sometimes .
i should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer .
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse .
the only thing i dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things i dont want it too , i would recommend using a mouse with it .
the macbook pro is really responsive .
at first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
it works !
i will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
i loaded windows 7 via bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
i do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when i have pop ups blocked ) , i do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down .
i finally did it and this machine is the way to go !
but the performance of mac mini is a huge disappointment .
it works really well .
the first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
the screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
the minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
this laptop is a 100 times better than a chromebook !
but no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it on their website !!!
i will never again buy another acer , not will i buy gateway , or emachine as they are all from the same company .
it has a very high performance , just for what i needed for .
i ca n't even turn it off .
if you have much higher expectations than that ... i would look elsewhere .
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate , and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
i love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the laptop in the sky !!
cons : price is a bit ridiculous , kinda heavy .
i would never tell anyone to buy one either .
that system is fixed .
however , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the lcd ) .
i bought this macbook pro from best buy under a year ago to replace my old macbook air .
about 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
i made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " buy " and it drew from my itunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality - exactly how i had created it and looked better than i had even imagined .
i like the operating system .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
this laptop rocks ( only wish it could run solidworks cad - which apple does n't support ) !
i had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
there are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a windows computer .
very happy with my purchase .
honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
i am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
however , there are major issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
however , you have to adjust yourself to what it will do , not what you want it to do .
i am very happy with this laptop .
i have not have any problems .
the power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but wo n't stay connected .
i purchased my first mac and am glad i did .
i was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but i need not have worried - this machine is the fastest i have ever owned ...
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
- stay away from machouse amsterdam .
the macbooks worth every penny .
i could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
that being said after 2 weeks of owning every time i start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
the games included are very good games .
i would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of garbage .
the nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
after a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
it was loaded with windows vista home premium -- delivered with only 1gb of ram , and it was a * dog * .
even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
i 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
it is the best all around mac .
i got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
i or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
i always have used a tower home pc and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
from the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats windows easily .
after using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
i would definitely not go back to using a pc after using the mac .
i do n't want to run a computer ; i want to use a computer .
buy the mac mini it 's a terribly great machine .
two , owning a 17 inch mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
it is , however , very heavy .
i received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
i 've had my macbook pro since august 2009 .
one of the primary reasons why i purchased an ipad was to store photographs so that i could show to my customers .
the amd turin processor seems to always perform so much better than intel .
i am now making a point to avoid their products and i hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
far superior to my macbook .
a little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
heck , i like all mac computers , but they 're all way too pricey for the kind of economy the u.s. is going through .
the touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that i never want to use buttons to click again !
i am definitely sold , and not going back to pcs for home use !
amazing product as you would expect from apple .
i took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their geek squad headquarters .
if you have to ask you do n't own a mac and your just not in the know .
this was absolutely annoying !
have purchased many products over the years from macconnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
was a great deal i will give that .
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , iweb , itunes , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
the big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
they had to replace the motherboard in april
i then upgraded to mac os x 10.8 " mountain lion " .
besides being elegant , the macbooks are durable .
best money i ever spent .
) i also purchased applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since i ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
i love this 13 " mac white unibody .
i purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
do n't get me wrong , i am no microsoft hater , i 've just managed to turn into a much bigger apple fan because of this machine .
i re-seated the " wlan " card inside and re-installed the lan device drivers .
i thought learning the mac os would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a pc .
the apple macbook is the best investment that i have ever made .
they are n't worth the money , even though they are on the cheap side , laptop speaking .
i actually contact toshiba before i started having problem and was given run around after i supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
for this purpose , it 's great .
i got my macbook pro because i wanted to do all the stuff i need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
the speed is fine .
quick and has built in virus control .
the start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
i worked in it retail sales before .
my laptop is so light that i can take it with me anywhere .
still have n't solved this .
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
best buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer .
it is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
other thoughts : do not purchase this product .
the key bindings take a little getting used to , but have loved the macbook pro .
but see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
it 's outstanding too .
it came in brand new and works perfectly .
now am very apprehensive about toshiba laptops .
it was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
i initially purchased my macbook pro 13 " in april , and i loved it .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
the ac power port becomes loose over time
vista is a nightmare .
it was weird .
i 'm pleased .
the screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when i factor in all the money in that i wasted on geek squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested pcs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
the neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
it is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way too slow .
the computer continued to give me issues and in late june it completely died again and i tried to call acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
i took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
defective software .
dismantle the whole thing ? then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before .
it 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 watt lightbulb .
they discovered the manufacturer 's defect and sent it in for repair .
my laptop is almost 2 yrs old and i have never had any problems with it .
it is the worst laptop ever
i love it !
the leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from memphis warehouse .
unfortunately , that is not the case .
the mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average pc , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
this causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
i work as a designer and coder and i needed a new buddy to work with , not gaming .
got this mac mini with os x mountain lion for my wife .
and the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
he came into my house , fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it .
this purchase opened me to the world of macbooks , and i am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
it just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the os .
it 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
i actually believe the issue is with the nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
i finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what i need it .
i run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs i do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
i just hope this expensive laptop does n't go dead like my friends ... it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust .
because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
actually , i think i was intimidated by the change from a pc .
i simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus .
it 's a joke .
it is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything , so i want to manage my time i do have to be the most efficient .
i should have realized that trouble was brewing .
i am not much of a computer techie , so i can understand some of the internal problems , though i do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
in the past few years , i 've had terrible experiences with hp .
not with apple .
i took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and i finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
my laptop worked again for just a while before i started having issues again .
stop living in the stone age and buy a mac , you will not be sorry at all !!
i had to pay for the shipping !
take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
this is my first computer purchase
extremely disappointed with the way it is .
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
be safe buy a sony .
and these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
a very important feature is firewire 800 which in my experience works better then usb3 ( in pc enabled with usb3 ) i was not originally sold on the mac os i felt it was inferior in many ways to windows 7 .
runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
i will never go back to windows !
i do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so i ca n't recommend it if you are in the computer field .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows os ) until this started happening .
that 's the downside for me .
the online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a pc .
they will not let you down .
( for those old enough to remember , it is similar to beta versus vhs .
yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) software - compared to the early 2011 edition i did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to apple ( which i promptly did ) .
all in all , i 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with hp as a whole .
somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
who could n't love a dvd burner , 80-gigabyte hd , and fairly new graphics chip ? as i soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
you will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immobile .
i would suggest this product to anyone .
i can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
it has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
there is nothing better .
but , i would recommend this product .
hard disk - the new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500gb instead of 320gb ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
i own other macs but always find myself navigation to the macbook pro to get my work done .
i believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
5 ) cut my losses and sold it for parts
i have never really been big on downloading anything so i was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus i thought i was protected by norton .
however , i love this particular mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
it is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
did n't expect to repair it at once !
i am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
other thoughts : i love newegg , i recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
it 's not like i have used for half a year and then complained about it .
it was secure and easy to navigate .
if you could stretch by a few 100 dollars i highly recommend you should replace your windows laptop with this one .
i bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his christmas present .
yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
this was a great deal for a decked out macbook pro .
i got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so i was now on the second motherboard within 3 months .
the capabilities using that program alone made me want a mac .
instead of taking another chance on toshiba , i went with an asus g73jh-x3 .
i think this computer is super lame .
the trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
this computer i used daily nice compact design .
but other than that i am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
this system came loaded with windows 7 starter .
the benefits were immediate !
i would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
the technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
love the graphics , awesome programs ( including garageband ) , and really cool default background .
i 've always owned a pc and decided to try a macbook to see what it 's all about .
aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
this is a great computer .
good laptop for the money .
bought with a credit card .
it makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier .
it is by far one of the greatest investments i have ever made .
the macbook pro is the premier choice for college students .
i might have read it incorrectly , but better safe than sorry right ?
i visited the apple store and was impressed with the 17-inch macbook pro .
which is great i am running vista business and scored a 5.x on the index i have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
the great 18 month same as cash financing and advance protection plan which includes accidents like spills .
have one myself and love it !
i like this machine because its very lightweight ...
the 2 gb of ram is plenty , able to run windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
the dvd burner broke after burning 3 dvd 'd during that time !
laptop is to be used like a netbook .
you may need to special order a bag .
it easily fits into most computer bags but does n't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks .
when i got the computer back and realized it still was not correct hp told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
and mine had broke but i sent it in under warranty - no problems .
its more like a snail crawl .
- called machouse amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
i am used to computers with windows so i am having a little difficulty finding my way around .
i love my apple , it is quick and easy to use .
thanks , macconnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
i have n't tried the one with retina display ... maybe in the future .
the only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc .
we purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive hp needed to be repaired .
i will have to purchase spy ware or nortell for privacy protection .
i had finally reached my limit and broke down .
breaks easily .
after having two pc laptops die with in the past 3 years , i was led to the apple display at best buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
it 's a lottery at this point as i have read that other have received new ones with the same problem .
the large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or tv shows on your computer instead of buying an additional tv for your dorm room .
- computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
its good for playing my apps on facebook or watching movies .
lastly , windows 8 is annoying .
i upgraded it 's ram to 2gb , i am very happy with it .
i was getting extrememly frustrated when i would want to do these simple taks that i would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my pc .
whenever i call dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if i 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
everything is so easy to use , mac software is just so much simpler than microsoft software .
if what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
it is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
the computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
it works great for general internet use , microsoft office apps , home bookkeeping , etc .
i droped this once from the table when my baby girl grabed me one day and it is still working with no issues !
i also got the added bonus of a 30 " hd monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
what 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time i submitted it in case it does n't keep what i put here are my ratings
this laptop leaves alot to be desired , i have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
we did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a macbook ?
never been happier using computer .
i always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
stay away from hp .
very fast boot up and shut down .
the # 1 reason that is always repeated .
i 've never had problems with viruses .
also , because of the size and consistency of the laptop computer , some websites would n't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
it 's macbook pro and there is no discussion about it .
it is better than my old acer laptop .
after the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq .
i also like the acer arcade but these were really the only two things i liked about this laptop .
was n't sure if i was going to like it much less love it so i went to a local best buy and played around with the ios system on a mac pro and it was totally unique and different .
as with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what i consider useless applications .
the ultimate graduation gift .
you just can not beat the functionality of an apple device .
before i bought my new i5 , i did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for hp to apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
the battery life is probably an hour at best .
tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
for the not so good , i got the stock screen - which is very glossy .
you can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover pc software that you absolutely can not be without .
the computer was delivered as promised .
i have had some excellent computer and have found i had no idea what to do with them
it is robust , with a friendly use as all apple products .
purchased as a gift for a friend .
i do n't really have a complaint .
after 5 months of failed repairs , requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and acer is indifferent to the issue .
within a few hours i was using the gestures unconsciously .
my macbook pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
it was a tough choice .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
- no backlit keyboard , but not an issue for me .
hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
it is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
i will never purchase a hp again ever .
also consider the ms office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
i 'm so happy with my macbook pro !
with windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
i 'm really frustrated by this experience .
i just took the broken cords into the apple store and they gave me new ones .
but , buy this model and just purchase 4gb of ram ( 2x2gb for $ 92 or 1x4gb for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8gb of ram .
the new macbook pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing .
the first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
the keyboard is too slick .
cons : screen resolution .
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
this was a significantly more affordable than getting a new macbook pro from apple .
so much faster and sleeker looking .
called acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - i was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
the only thing i would change about it is the mouse keys .
i sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so i got a new one and some other fixes they found .
and it is impossible to get them back in .
my wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections i turn on should work .
the acer one computer that i bought is 17 inch screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but i like the big screen on it .
i reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
i 'm glad i bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
great things come in small " packages .
very disappointed with apple .
perfect for all my graphic design classes i 'm taking this year in college : - )
boots up fast and runs great !
pc users work in word , while mac users work in pages .
ca n't close the 2nd hdd bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) that could be a major flaw for the dual hdd user .
i baby my electronics so i know for a fact it was defective and not anything that i did to it .
it allows you to automatically upload photos to your facebook account with one click .
this is especially disheartening when apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
wonderful features .
and the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
stopped booting up less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
it is the perfect size and speed for me .
needless to say a pc that ca n't support a cell phone is less than useless !
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb ram , the computer was kinda slow .
you can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
thinking about returning it
it was an all around waste of money for me .
as far as user type - i dabble in everything from games ( wow ) to photoshop , but nothing professionally .
i found it toughest to decide between dell ultra books and apple .
with the needs of a professional photographer i generally need to keep up with the best specs .
the first one i had was a 2006 model , not the pro .
with what i do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
also , you wo n't have to worry about them going online a getting a virus .
the track pad is a bit squirrely at times - sometimes too sensitive , and sometimes a bit unresponsive , but it 's usable .
because it is a defective product .
finally was able to reach a young lady in california and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
the os is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a pc , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this os !
i had always used pcs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
i was very excited because this was my first personal computer and i was purchasing it with my own money i had recieved from graduation presents .
some days it 's just blurry , some days it appears that it 's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains .
the little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached .
all the problems i have had with pc 's are solved with a mac : the issue of overheating - my dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off , and the issue of viruses and contaminants - my hp completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it , with no inexpensive way of fixing it .
i was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
i could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from .
my computer froze on several occasion , had buttons that randomly would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
we used pc products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing .
it is not even a year old yet , so i would definitely not recommend it to anyone .
it 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
which it did not have , only 3 usb 2 ports .
the battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were sol there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
keyboard responds well to presses .
honestly , i spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what i got on there for !
as a die-hard windows enthusiast , i shunned the idea of a mac until this point .
i bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market .
each time taking about 1 day or so .
the dvd drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
the case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
my smart phone is faster !
i seem to be having repeat problems as the mother board in this one is diagnosed as faulty , related to the graphics card .
it 's solid .
because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
if you have the money i suggest going for the i7 .
fits all my personal needs .
overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
but , for the cost this is a winner .
my wireless system would not recognize windows 7 and i could n't get online to find out why .
the two of us use it regularly .
while many people brag about mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a pc , but once i got the hang of it , i do n't want to go back .
so far , i have no complaints .
i bought it during the recent comex it show .
i called back to ensure that received it , they had .
i am a college student and it has been very useful .
many thanks , overstock.com .
so if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands best buy sells .
this is by far the best , most reliable computer i could find .
this is the first time that i tried and owning a netbook although i have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , i find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
i am very satisfied with the mini .
it pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
i returned the computer to hp and they kept it for 3 months .
i 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
i highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college .
with a mac computer i have more free time as i do n't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
the only objection i have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
the only thing i dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
they do n't translate from a mac , even on word , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
the large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like adobe creative suite .
i am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents i have received to date .
bigger hd , better graphics card , and a bid hd .
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice .
obviously , this macbook is perfect for me because it does exactly what i need in an easy-to-function way .
one bad thing is it gets hot .
also the keyboard does not light up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
i ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27 " imacs .
obviously we both got new macs .
the product is prefect for everyone .
the battery life has not decreased since i bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
if someone called me an apple fanboy it would make sense .
replaced this one with my mac that was stolen , its a great computer .
i now own another hewlett packard .
best buy laughed when i told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
nothing wrong with this computer at all !
for those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
i purchased a toshiba satellite m60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in december of 2005 .
i shopped around before buying .
additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
amazing performance for anything i throw at it .
i am glad i did my research .
you wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
the computer did what it was not supposed to do , and i did n't know what to do ....
quietest laptop i have ever owned .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
but let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
apple hit a home run here .
i ca n't say enough good for it !
when i called sony the customer service was great .
i 'm glad it waited , this one is great .
many people complain about the new os , and it 's urgent for apple to fix it asap !
the latest and mightiest macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of june 2009 .
i thought that it will be fine , if i do some settings .
the ease of set up was terrific .
i have had laptops in the past and i thought why not give these small netbooks a try .
i am a huge computer person i love any kind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
i bought them for my college age grandchildren and these macs are totally reliable and support their class work 100 % of the time .
toshiba will not acknowledge this problem .
great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
lord have mercy !
i would tell the technician i knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and i had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me i needed to send the computer in .
no temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the nvidia chipset " - inquired status of repair .
but for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the pc 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
this is one of the reasons i purchased it .
sad very sad .
love the stability of the mac software and operating system .
it has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
i was waiting for this model to be released since january , and have been holding off on buying a macbook pro until the new model came out .
apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
i like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
this laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials .
while we struggle with all the crashes and viruses , the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for business !
ive had to call tech support many times .
i can do pretty much 75 % of what i do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
i looked around and based off my price / features comparison from a brand i trusted i landed here .
the thunderbolt port is awesome !
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
my brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an apple .
my opinion of sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
even if apple replaces whatever needs replacing i wonder if , since i seem to be doubling the amount of time i get out of it each time it 's " like new , " i might have 8 months next time .
the notebook would not turn back on again .
i am still in the process of learning about its features .
worse , for the price i could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
they told me to reprogram the computer , and i did n't need to do that , and i lost pictures of my oldest first 2 years of her life .
i have nothing to regret from this new product .
although i opted for the lowest end macbook pro , this thing holds its own .
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
it does n't have a lot of frills , but i did n't need any , and being able to buy what i needed , and not more than i needed was very important .
there are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free .
i am so addict to this laptop .
this was a gift for my grand son .
i should have sent it back to them then .
very fast for my needs .
this was the second computer and brand bought that day .
that 's a huge difference .
iphotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
i have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
i really wish i had done this years ago .
the configuration is perfect for my needs .
ilife is easily compatible with microsoft office so you can send and receive files from a pc .
i went to my local best buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
it is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
10 plus hours of battery ...
call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
the advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
i have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
yes , the mbp is more expensive than competing pc laptops .
i ca n't even remember how i finally got it taken care of , but i was done with sony after that !
they told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what i 've done .
the windows 7 starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
my sister is the electronics manager at wal mart and she says that hp is the best .
it was so exciting for me to unwrap my new mac .
i normally do n't participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
better stick with another brand .
screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment .
my last laptop was a 17 " asus gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , i found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the asus had been slowly developing problems ever since i bought it about 4 years ago .
windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
they sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that i return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
asus has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and i would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
what can i say , it 's an apple .
it is a great computer for that and i have to say i 'm happy i switched .
every day i had this computer , something failed on it .
this computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
i use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
been a pc user for many , many years .
the battery gets so hot it is scary .
hope this helps !
be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it .
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
i do n't have that additional money right now , and therefore would n't have purchased it at this time .
although the price is higher then dell laptops , the macbooks are worth the dough .
- touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
it 's very annoying .
got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college .
i can see why the have soooo much money .
treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a sony , apple , or toshiba .
nice packing .
i think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but i rather have a hard copy .
i did contact hp and share how unhappy i am .
all i can say is w-o-w .
but with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
i 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
i paid for a new laptop , but was sent a used one .
sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
the machine is speedy and efficient .
mac tutorials do help .
i called their repair depot as was told they would send me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
i would buy this lap top over and over again !
i am addicted to photo booth !
they sent out a sony ' certified ' technician .
this has happened three times so far .
the reaction of toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
i believe this is because i was more active than the average user , meaning i average about three " tabs " .
this is my first lg product .
highly recommended !
- they reported that the computer is in their headquarters .
have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
the battery life is excellent - 6-7 hours without charging .
i have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
i 've had this laptop for about a month now .
- managed to send complaint email .
further , this mac mini has a sloppy bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the mac os ) and the range is poor .
great laptop that offers many great features !
i fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now i could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
i dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
i hope to edit this in the next few hours , i am going to try to install my own copy of windows 7 .
the only thing i did n't learn in my research was the software i would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
my real problem with it ? the statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
the pricing is very competitive .
i 've been having endless problems since i bought the computer - only 1 month ago
the ram memory is good but should have splurged for 8mb instead of 4mb .
all the ports are much needed since this is my main computer .
never been hacked .
i previously owned an hp desktop and a dell laptop .
hieroglyphics are quite common .
very nice unibody construction .
sony , acer , dell , packard bell and toshiba .
the repairs were made quickly though i must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
it 's fast , quiet , incredibly small and affordable compared to other mac models .
hp said it was out of warranty .
but other then that i would give this product a 4 in hafe stars .
it feels cheap , the keyboard is not very sensitive .
my friends are in awe every time they come over !
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , i feel like i can do programming homework anywhere .
they click .
first of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
the problems started with just the screen freezing .
moving from a pc to mac has never been easier , and i 'm glad that i did it .
though please note that sometimes it crashes , and the sound quality isnt superb .
battery is lasting about 6 hours as i am surfing the web on sundays while checking football scores and watching funny youtube videos .
i purchased a macbook pro and this to replace a couple of hp units that i was using .
it is a cheap throw together .
i have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer .
did not enjoy the new windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
my laptop with windows 7 crashed and i did not want windows 8 .
the graphics and screen are stunning and although i was a pc person , i was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
also the battery is completely shot .
by the time i was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed i had been without my computer for almost a week while i was an online college student , so it was very inconvenient and i had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
falls into the case .
best thing is i can use existing 32 bit old programs .
i am totally satisfied with my little toshiba !
the smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
all i will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap vaio .
no big deal .
laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
i can say that i am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
i want my l505-s5988 back !
i called toshiba where i gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards .
$ 999.00 tax free .
the other day i had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
i would recommend this product .
the first time i used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
i highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco , returned it in santa maria , thinking it was just a problem with that computer .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
summary : i 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
i have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
i had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
so you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
it is much faster than my desktop which is a core2 quad running at 2.83 ghz .
i 've owned every " pro " model apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is by far the worst one i 've ever had .
and if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
( i had been a windows / linux user before this ) i love the size because the screen is big enough for what i use it for ( internet , artwork ) , and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable .
runs smooth and quick .
a * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
sent unit back and it 's been two months .
got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
my next laptop will also be a mac !
i do n't know why i did n't make the switch sooner ... o ya because it 's expensive .
i got a mac as my hs graduation gift .
every driver on the drivers/applications dvd is everything you will need for a reload .
also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
so in late march , early april 2009 i was without it again for a couple weeks while i had online courses i had to complete and my fiance was in afghanistan and web conferencing was the best communication method we had .
it is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
for the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
we have had numerous problems with vista , such as adobe flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinstalled , internet explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
fast , great visual !
the screen is n't huge , but that does n't matter when i output media to the 50 inch lcd tv .
even though i could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price i still think there 's nothing like a mac .
believe me apple has a reputation .
the photobooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
i 'm all for saving money but dell needs to step it up .
once i removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
this is the third in a series of macbooks starting with a black macbook .
needless to say , the leap from that to this has been amazing and ( aside from the financial reasons ) i am astounded that i had n't made the switch sooner .
os x is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
that 's quite a bump up from the $ 599 that this little guy sells for , which leaves me to my next point .
it is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
the price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
all the customers that come in hate dell .
and it comes with the new osx that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
i would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
it suddenly can not work .
this laptop is a great buy .
there is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when i click on it it says : " consider replacing your battery " and it does not hold full charge .
my computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates .
it is easy to navigate and update programs .
would do business again .
and i can attach my projector to it .
and the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
i am very pleased with my purchase !
they definitely have a superior product !
everything i wanted and everything i needed and the price was great !
i got the first " blue screen of death " in the early part of july .
it took me a while top get away from the land of pcs , but now that i have , i ca n't see myself going back to it .
the people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
i am a freelance graphic artist .
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications .
they refuse .
i got the blue screen of death the first month i got it .
no complaints for an apple product .
my battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
i can not even imaging going back to a pc after using this wonderful computer .
the os is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
i previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( if i am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
when i took it back to best buy i asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
they replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
i think it was seventy nine plus tax .
i like it so much , i bought another just for my wife .
also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
startup times are incredibly long : over two minutes .
thank you .
price was higher when purchased on mac when compared to price showing on pc when i bought this product .
apparently they 're not special anymore .
i did not have to call the support line at all .
i am just amazed .
it made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
i did a lot of research and ended up thinking this toshiba was the best one for me .
the motherboard is dead !
in may i started having problems with the usb ports not working .
but to be honest , i do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
being a pc user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the os of a mac but i 'm finding my way around .
the image is great , and the sound is excellent .
the battery is irreplaceable .
in those three years , i 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by apple quickly and easily .
i 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
it does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
yes , i have it on the highest available setting .
for two months , when you guessed it .
easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
overall for the money this is a good deal .
so if anyone is looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name toshiba on it ...
no more lenovo for me .
one , owning a mac is essentially a full production studio ( in the case of a mac book a portable version ) .
now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
not something you want to miss out on !!!
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
that being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
i think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
it started out getting hot after only a few months .
it is super fast , and always loads .
awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful ux .
after years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the apple route .
i am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
the superdrive is quiet .
i did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
screen is a bit glossy , but that 's not too bad .
besides , the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales .
it takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
however , i may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton .
first the screen goes completely out .
i am stuck with a laptop that i can not do very much with .
in the first month of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
that is my only complaint !
i have used a couple of others on the job as well .
i tell everyone that i know , friends , family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used .
however the frozen screens kept happening .
i am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it .
: - ) if you buy this - do n't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
to be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
you will need them if you want to reload the os ( i recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal ) .
the toshiba laptop i am using is easier to use than most i have tried .
the track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking apple !
would buy 100 more of these if i could .
i regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
its pretty much fire it up and go .
my only problem is i can not reg . the product key .
the display is awesome .
battery life needs more life .
the apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
osx mountain lion soon to upgrade to mavericks .
did i mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams bulk ?
i am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
c'mon , lg .
if you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
i love the 15 " macbook pro .
this unit is not .
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again .
so far , so good .
the gray color was a good choice .
the computer could have been shipped by priority mail through the usps for the same cost and arrived by noon on tue .
i upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
very happy .
web access through the 3g network is so slow , it 's very frustrating and very disappointing .
also , the battery does not last very long at all .
i fell in love with it .
no startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
the performance is awesome .
this can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far .
he gave me this pc about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it .
the unibody design is edgy and durable .
waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
it 's a long and tiring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
might have to buy one for me now , since i use it all the time .
sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
the graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
i will only buy apple laptops from now on .
the problem i had with this unit was unresolvable .
it is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
i was sorely disapointed to discover that hp ( what i thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
i burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so i can place it there .
does everything i wanted this laptop to do .
i got the new adapter and there was no change .
apple care included .
the receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance .
other than that i do n't have one complaint in the world !
the lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
i do find that my macbook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal pc especially if you enjoy technology , downloading pictures and graphic design .
since i purchased my toshiba netbook , i have been very pleased with it , i have a laptop and a desktop .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which i am used to it being on the side .
i was taught to use photoshop and was amazed .
if you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of win 7 and grab a 2gb stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
2 months later , the battery went .
they 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
buy the separate ram memory and you will have a rocket !
do n't buy this model .
- i propose that i can just swap the hard drives .
shipped very quickly and safely .
reason why ? it 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80 % .
this is my 3rd apple laptop and first macbook pro .
it wakes in less than a second when i open the lid .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
so , owing to these problems , i went out and got myself an apple macbook pro , which i am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
it had a seventeen inch screen which i wanted , but i did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
the operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
the battery life is also relatively good .
i have vista , so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
it doesnt work worth a damn .
sony parts reliability and quality of service is recently the worst .
so honestly , i was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and i was n't disappointed .
i was considering buying the air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
the internet explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one .
it has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
apple is living up to its name with the mini and , for our needs , it 's perfect .
its also fun to use !
the ilife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
i can not even read what i am writing half of the time .
the laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
i can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner .
but i 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
this is the first macbook i have ever had .
instead , i 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which mac to buy .
oh , boy !
i 'm so disgusted that i wasted my money on this product .
besides the great look , it is a great machine .
everything else just install and go .
very happy with my 7th toshiba laptop !
next , most acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
i also wanted windows 7 , which this one has .
overall , this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase !
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
no waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
what a great little laptop .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
they also have a longer service life than other computers ( i have several friends who still use the older apple powerbooks ) .
dell sucks
after fumbling around with the os i started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
its office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
the only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
fully charged , the macbook pro can last about five hours unplugged .
if upgrade is possible to the full windows 7 , then i will truly be a very happy geek .
i took it to the shop and they said it would cost too much to repair it .
definitely recommended !!!
it is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
i love the quick start up .
it has happened again and i 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
! so nice . . stable . . fast . . now i got my ssd !
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed ( this is unlikely as i am a slow typist ) or the keyboard simply does not detect the keys being typed .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , i just didnt really wan na spend the money but im glad that i did .
which i still use and have hooked up to my tv .
i think i might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
that 's how frustrating it was .
i was so excited to receive the toshiba l455 as a gift/bonus for some work i had done for a friend of mine !
it doesnt get hot like my pc , with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime i forget how to do something i just google it .
user upgradeable ram and hdd .
but in resume this computer rocks !
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the function keys at the top .
it seems to have some options that are installed but do not work like i thought they would .
got another 1 , and same issue .
this is my second macbook pro and it 's better than ever .
it has served my needs quite nicely for the most part .
all you get is a box and a computer .
the computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
if you get a lemon ( i have two thirds of my macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
this was around three years , maybe four years ago .
in desperation , i called their customer service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the privilege of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
it should n't happen like that , i do n't have any design app open or anything .
crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
i 've had a toshiba laptop in the past ;
amazing machine .
the sheer power and flexibility makes the macbook pro a must have for any techie !
before i begin , i will say that i am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - i am not an apple fanboy .
also , hdd secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
returned it to walmart .
but the mountain lion is just too slow .
again - windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
i had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then i found it can only be loaded with 2gb * maximum * .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
i would recommend to any one looking for a first class computer !
i was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it .
first of all , i 've been dell fan for more than fifteen years .
tried to make a recovery disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
a mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
the powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
the troubleshooting said it was the ac adaptor so we ordered a new one .
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
so what am i supposed to do ? the lg service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
also , i have had a lot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
this is starting off good .
only problem that i had was that the track pad was not very good for me , i only had a problem once or twice with it , but probably my computer was a bit defective .
do n't waste your money or time .
" this is n't a big deal , i have n't noticed the issue with dvds or other media , only through usb output .
the screen resolution was exactly what i was looking for .
i use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
much of which hp ended up paying for .
it 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
my sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
i do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this macbook pro laptop ( you get what you pay for ) .
so do n't get it .
it might be something deep within windows , for i was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
i ca n't honestly say i was heartbroken .
the fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
the processor screams , and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
i do transcription work on the side , and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well .
features such as the dashboard ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
i especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
the processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that i do .
i highly recommend that you buy this product .
connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
i work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
the macbook is a fantastic laptop .
you just get a trial version either way .
runs like a champ .....
well , they do n't care a bunch .
this notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
the mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
trashed it when i spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - visited machouse amsterdam .
i also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
i 've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i do n't regret buying it .
they say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive ( i do n't really understand why but anyway ) .
i like the lighted screen at night .
to list a few : they tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns , as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up .
it is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
i went from a macbook to this mac mini and this was a great upgrade !
the aspire wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid ( i have tried both motorola and htc ) plugged into the usb port .
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
its everything mac offers .
i was n't really sure i wanted to spend that kind of money !
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
it 's a great product for a great price !
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
as a lifelong windows user , i was extremely pleased to make the change to mac .
either way , the keyboard is unsatisfactory .
i would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
the notebook pc , toshiba qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me .
i have n't used it for anything high tech yet , but i love it already .
the laptop is gorgeous .
upgrading from windows 7 starter , thru windows 7 home premium , to windows 7 professional was a snap ;
another great thing is the beast graphics .
needless to say i told them no and have a nice day and hung up !
love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
support has been lackluster and now i just want a refund .
this has been nothing but a headache since we purchased it .
added an imac about 2 years later .
battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
) i also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
i will never buy ( refurbished ) again , i do n't care how cheap it is .
i would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
i definitely will buy a mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
finally set the unit back to hp after a month of hell .
screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
despite the plethora of problems , i managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
it came before the day it supposed to which is great .
one more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4gb stick of ram to save you $ 10
it 's catatonic .
it has many great programs , such as ilife , iphotos and others .
never any doubt i would get a macbook , just was n't sure which one .
it 's fast at loading the internet .
do you think i purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that i can demand a new set ? do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? or rather no solution .
on the bright side at least i was n't without my laptop for long this time !
i am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
also kinda loud when the fan was running .
on 3 july 2004 , i purchased this model at best buy for about $ 150
it has everything i would need for a home computer .
second , it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
this computer is really fast and i 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
yes , a mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
every time i log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that i have to go through .
when it come time for warranty service to toshiba you do n't matter .
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
it 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
all-in-all , i would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
the keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
very disappointed !
my life has been enriched since i have been using apple products .
i would highly recommend this one to my friends
toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought toshiba will do nothing about it .
i use it now more than i even thought i would .
i like the brightness and adjustments .
i was wrong !
just beware no dvd slot so when i went to install software i had on cd i could n't .
this laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
i saved for this laptop for 3 months and i can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis .
this hardware seems to be better than the imac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
the on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
it was a total hell experience that i will never repeat .
small and still very powerful .
i decided i wanted a laptop so i went into the bby store .
this is now my 3rd macbook pro and i really honestly love it !
i purchased this netbook after my original toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
if anything , i would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
my last computer , a toshiba , cost only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
it is really expensive though .
which was way too much money .
i am very happy i bought this mac , well worth the extra money .
i think that they are the best out on the market .
they were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place .
3 ) horrible customer support
and if you are switching from a pc i highly sugest this one .
so glad i have gone this route !!
it 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
called tech support and got the usual acer " we do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " i explained there was no software involved in booting .
i 'll wait and save up for a new one .
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
i 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
it just works flawlessly !
not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
i like it better than my big dell laptop .
but after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
it was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
however , it did not have any scratches , zero battery cycle count ( pretty surprised ) , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
the mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
so what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? the after sales support is terrible .
the feel of this machine compared to the old macbook is far superior .
no problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
the video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they update the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
i 'm hoping that i can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
having usb3 is why i bought this mini .
i will also say it is much better than i expected !
then , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
they gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
the mbp i recieved was everything it should have been .
after a little more than a year of owning my macbook pro , the monitor has completely died .
not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a pc and mac , the versions of these programs on a mac are graphically and functionally superior .
i agree with the previous comment that asus tech support is horrible which is a con in my opinion .
this mac mini makes the macbook pro seem slow .
when i am at starbucks between clients i get full bars on my hp and 1 bar on my eee pc .
take the simple , easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around .
it 's a nice little gadget .
oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
it is so speedy .
with notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
needless to say , not too happy with the product .
now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
at $ 1899 to start , this is no cheap machine .
although i was promised about 10 hours , i found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
and not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
the brand is tarnished in my heart .
then after paying for it to be examined i was told it was same problem cited on website but i 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
pretty disappointed about this product .
i noticed windows has a new system called windows 7 , what about us vista users ? they should get all the bugs out of vista before investing in a new system .
excellent in every way .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
money and time well spent !
i did a review on it , its awesome .
only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of limited .
small and light weight .
satisfy what i paid for it .
do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? it will not !
it is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
i want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
still pretty pricey , but i 've been putting off money for a while as a little macbook fund , and finally got to use it .
while about 8 years ago , i hope that the quality has changed .
you will fall in love with it in no time .
back then my entire family was devoted to the sony name .
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
it took toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
unfortunately , the laptop i purchased was also a dell and again , i have to say i hated it .
if you buy , pray you dont have major problems .
second hdd cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
it 's annoying very much and i wo n't ever buy any acer products .
my son said it popped up and he clicked update .
i just ca n't fathom that the celebrated dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
the settings are not user-friendly either .
i would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
i was ready to take it back for a refund , but the geek squad came through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed .
i 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
accordingly , i have decided to never purchase another hp product ( my five year old compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
the speakers on it are useless too .
i got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
i currently own a lenovo laptop as well as my new macbook pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
web browsing is very quick with safari browser .
the device speaks about it self .
it 's fast and has excellent battery life .
i believe i purchased this in dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day , 4-6 days a week .
i shipped out on saturday , july 17 .
it is very fast and has everything that i need except for a word program .
so having the ac plug go out on me and get lose or i could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
i took the laptop home and not even a month later , i began to have problems with it .
i 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
i am just one of the million customers .
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
it is extremely portable and easily connects to wifi at the library and elsewhere .
looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , i decided to purchase the mbp 15in intel core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
the speed is incredible and i am more than satisfied .
a tip for people looking into this computer : do not buy it save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
the most amazing part to me as a pc user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing .
but you must get the 15 inch .
i could n't be more pleased .
so , buyers beware !
i wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
kind of annoying , but i still love the laptop .
but if you are in the computer field you probably would n't be here .
but until now , no complains at all .
dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime i called them with a problem .
/ awesome cooling system / much better graphics card ( ati 5870 ) / 8gb ram / led backlit screen ...
i 'm now trying to decide on another dell model .
my macbook is probably the best investment i have ever made .
i thought it would be a simple job .
i have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is awsome !
on the twelfth day that i had the notebook , i decided to go to dell 's website and update it .
the investment of a new macbook pro came at a price , but totally worth it for a good piece of mind .
most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
but as time went on i found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
the criticism has waned , and now i 'd be the first to recommend an air for truly portable computing .
it seems to be incompatible with everything else .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
i think that was a great decision to buy
they should have included more memory on their computers if they knew vista would run slowly .
i have been a pc user for a very long time now but i will get used to this new os .
not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
i should have checked this before i installed my applications .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
the letter a stopped working after the first week .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
then on top of it all their customer service center is in the middle east .
it is well worth the money it cost , very good investment .
i fine apple mc373ll/a 2.66 ghz 15 " macbook pro notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
well i got this computer from best buy and i have had nothing but problems i bought the computer with a virus .....
the item received was exactly as identified .
i complain again ...
so if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
great battery life .
i will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
this mac mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its mac os 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
i play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
again , i sent it off to acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvenient because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
i took it back to best buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
everything i have tried has worked and i never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
i think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and i need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
love it love it love it !
i was also able to install and use my photoshop and after effects programs easily .
fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
if you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
windows xp sp2 caused many problems on the computer , so i had to remove it .
i eventually did the migration from my imac backup disc which uses usb .
then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me .
at home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " lcd screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
it 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than i could ever expect from a notebook .
just for a stupid cd .
macs are designed for the " frontal lobe challenged " people out there .
i have had no luck with staples or hp to resolve this problem .
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
mac is not made for gaming .
i ca n't imagine ever buying a pc again !
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
so this is very good computer and i highly suggest it .
great os , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
osx lion is a great performer . . extremely fast and reliable .
great battery , speed , display .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
i now travel with this laptop and my work pc .
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
i 've tried going back to xl but there still problems .
it is a real touchpad , not the toy i saw in other brands .
i have now had it for 1.5 months and love it .
i do not recommend this company or their products !!!!
there is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
this is my first apple laptop .
the only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
the price is great for this model , i only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
a lot of help they were n't !
i had to call hp and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
my children wo n't even use it for their school work .
the price and features more than met my needs .
it is fast and easy to use .
i 'm not going to lie , i 've never really liked the acer brand in general .
yes , he is a self professed " mac snob .
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an external mouse because i did n't like the trackpad .
i was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
the os takes some getting used to especially after being a windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
i will never buy anything from hp again !
processor - when compared to my 3 week old early 2011 edition there i barely experience any difference in performance ( 2.3 ghz v/s 2.4 ghz ) .
well designed and fast .
i own a hewlett packard laptop and i 've had man problems with it since i bought in in feb , 201
i have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
the toshiba satellite has been more than i expected for the price .
performance is good for the price .
i practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
all of the programs ( keynote , pages , numbers ) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
the built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
there are a few flaws as well that i noticed .
the only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
to me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to uncle sam ... definite buy ...
love it .
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
i have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
i lost two items i was working on until i figured out what was happening .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
first off , i really do like my mbp ... once used to the os it is pretty easy to get around , and the overall build is great ... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on .
my information was all lost ( my fault , i know , but i never thought i would need to back up my information on a brand new mac , the paragon of all computers !
time will tell .
i even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , ichat , photobooth , garage band and more !
i have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
since i 've had this computer i 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
i was even able to uninstall mcaffe and install one of my symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
that 's very possible , but since they do n't make windows xp drivers for the sound card in this machine , i was stuck until windows 7 came out .
great product .
we were occasional mac users before , but most recently owned a budget pc since it is what we could afford .
logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
and i 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
if you 're looking for a great laptop , you 've found the best here .
this is what i call a good after sales service .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
so we got a good deal on hsn for an acer notebook and we bought it for him .
if you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
there has been no problem with anything .
i can never go back to a pc now , this machine never freezes or has any problems .
keyboard good sized and easy to use .
:) great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
? i am only interested in the 15.4 mcbook pro model # md103ll/a
i occasionally use it for work via vpn and it has not given me any problems .
plus it is small and reasonably light so i can take it with me to and from work .
it really is very light compared to other computers .
instead it is sitting in west virginia waiting for ups to take two days to send me a box and two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to louisville ky .
very fast and efficient !
dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
it seemed to be a very nice laptop except i was not able to load my garmin gps software or microsoft office 2003 .
acer was no help and garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so i returned it and purchased a toshiba r700 that seems even nicer and i was able to load all of my software with no problem .
i actually had the hard drive replaced twice , the mother board once , the dvd drive twice , then they finally agreed to replace it , ( all of this in less than 1-1/2 years !
do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
i would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a desktop it does not meet the expectations .
i really like the mac 15.4 in . notebook , but its very pricey .
so , after apple replaced the hard drive i enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
i already own an iphone , and so the move just made more sense .
it certainly does , but you rarely hear any of your friends with mac 's complain about anything .
mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a dvd burner ( ! ) .
great overall .
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though i will upgrade this and the ram . . )
it 's the most wonderful thing in the entire world .
this computer was bought because i wanted " top of the line " , fast , reliable , ha .
i had to return it because it would n't even start .
good monitor and performed well .
i hope this review helps .
i am so happy to have purchased this computer .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
i ca n't say enough of how satisfied i am with their product and help aftermarket .
this mac has been a problem since we got it .
the only problems are the sound is n't very loud i have to wear headphones .
they did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
none of the techs at hp knew what they were doing .
the graphics were awful and the warranty is n't even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
quite simply this is the best laptop i have ever owned . #simply +1 , best +1
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
other than that , i would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
the feature are good enough for what i need .
then i 've fixed the dc jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the dc jack to the outside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
i have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in ( battle of the smithsonian ) after on hour mine was at 53 % life left and his was at 69 % life left .
in fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
the one down side to it is that when i play a certain game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
keyboard is reasonable size .
my sister has the same mac as me and she is in a band and uses garageband to record and edit .
i ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back , but the return calls never came .
this is not best buy 's fault .
i was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
when calling dell for help , return , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
back she goes !
i think it was around 16 hundred bucks last i checked .
i love it so much .
price and purpose is awesome !
i took it in to the apple store and guess what ? they fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
i challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
i like those programs better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well .
files as well would become lost , deleted or corrupted .
i have had the netbook for 2 months and i love it , i read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers i use .
the lesson learned here is : it does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
when i finally had everything running with all my software installed i plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
pairing it with an iphone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
apple is unmatched in product quality , aesthetics , craftmanship , and customer service .
i love windows 7 which is a vast improvment over vista .
we purchase the dell xps several years ago for my home business .
well i spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 dvd .
the screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
i am loving the fast performance also .
there is a blank lighted screen when i start and that is all .
i saw the mini mac at best buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
i use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and hp , well , i 'll never buy or recommend an hp to anyone !
! excellent performance , usability , presentation and time response .
it will be returned in the state to which it was shipped michigan .
i investigated netbooks and saw the toshiba nb305-n410bl .
very powerful especially for the money .
" for one , i noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in core processing unit temperatures .
they are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
i bought this one for my 11 year old and the macbook air for my 9 year old .
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
enjoy that toshiba force and durability unparalleled
other ports include firewire 800 , gigabit ethernet , magsafe port , microphone jack .
but i was wrong .
i have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet !
i have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
the computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan .
usb3 peripherals are noticably less expensive than the thunderbolt ones .
this laptop meets every expectation and windows 7 is great !
buyers beware .
the extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
the keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
received the product promptly and without any issues .
i bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around .
you can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps , it needs signature to pove that you received it .
screen , keyboard , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
i had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so i sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
this is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
i 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
my only gripe would be the need to add more ram .
*** the review below is no longer relevant , apple has fixed the issue .
the delivery was fast , and i would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
it has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
the mac mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there .
i hate it .
i know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
i 'm a professional consultant , and a client needed work on her machine .
overall , it 's ok .
i went right out and purchased another laptop .
even so , i like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dual boot windows .
with a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
it has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
i 'm glad i made the choice to switch and buy this mac .
the laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the windows 7 starter and not the full windows 7 .
it did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
they 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
this one has had the same effect .
the like new condition of the imac mc309ll/a on amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a quad-core 2.5 ghz cpu ( similar to the $ 799 mini ) , with radeon hd 6750m 512mb graphic card ( this mini is integrated intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless apple keyboard and mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
we figure that after everything his pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original mac .
does everything i need it to , has a wonderful battery life and i could n't be happier .
if that is the case , then i am completely happy
its a pretty decent computer .
it 's also fairly easy to use the operating system .
now , i guess , i 'll have to unload my m6809 on some poor , hapless soul .
it was also cheaper than the pro which made it even more appealing to me .
so , i went back .
i wanted something that had a new intel core processors and hdmi port so that we could hook it up directly to our tv .
great value , fast delivery - computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
the battery life is excellent , the display is excellent , and downloading apps is a breeze .
could n't keep a page up you were working on !
i would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short life span i can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
she told me flatly , " it 's like that one .
i love apple but unlike others that does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
great product by apple with the new great looking design .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc. ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode .
despite the claims of the apple apologists ( a vice of which i am recently myself reformed ) the internals of mac laptops are no different from pcs ' at this point .
this by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life amazing .
they claim that i should be happy because i am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
in my opinion it was not as user friendly as i expected either .
when considering a mac , look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag .
they are so realistic i am just speechless .
its fast and another thing i like is that it has three usb ports .
since i never really got to use this , i ca n't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them .
but not in this case .
stay away from envy .
when this happened i would have to completely power off my computer and restart it .
first , you ll discover that the word processing program known as appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
one suggestion i do have , is to not bother getting microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a pc .
it was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax .
info : windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
i swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
the apple applications ( ex . iphoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
while lacking some of the functions of the other versions , this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer .
i bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room ;
i have a business website and every time i have to change something i have to go to the public library to use a pc .
i also own an hp notebook and it does n't even come close .
it blue screened on me without any warning , running simply basic chrome .
wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside .
only thing i would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
downfalls : sharp edges .
i also experience the same with my macbook air .
you know what ? i happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the bukit batok polyclinic nhg pharmacy a week ago .
very very slow laptop .
so not having my laptop was discouraging .
maybe it 's acer , maybe it 's msft .
best buy rocks !
i 've only had mine a day but i 'm already used to it ...
i am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
the speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones i have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music i suggest you get something better .
i also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
i run dreamweaver , final cut pro 7 , photoshop , safari , firefox , msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i love the way the entire suite of software works together .
page just disappeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
the improvements to the os have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
it took so much time .
consumer report recommended toshiba .
i loved it .
with what i paid for this computer it should have had everything on it .
i can leave my macbook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
i love windows 7 but i ca n't give toshiba any credit for that , unless you all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
cost is more as compared to other brands .
( i 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
i was starting to boil .
i have had it for almost four years now and i have only had a few problems with it .
the newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
apparently well built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
she brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " it is like that one " .
great laptop for the price , works well with action pack games .
the only time i have restarted is during system updates .
with a healthy pessimism , i took the machine home and tried to find a flaw .
yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explanatory in use .
i have found it very easy to use , very informative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
i would recommend mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
now that i have upgraded to lion i am much happier about mac os and have just bought an imac for office .
i bought this laptop on saturday and am completely in love with it !
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
the first one sent : touchpad did n't work the second sent : usb did n't work the third sent : touchpad did n't work the fourth sent : has n't arrived yet .
the battery life is amazing , the versatility is outstanding .
i think just going from pc to mac has gotten me totally spoiled and i ca n't imagine ever going back .
i bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months if it is overload with updates the boot mgr .
i like itunes , the apparent security , the mini form factor , all the nice graphics stuff .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
i have the a65 - right now it 's a paperweight .
i was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
small enough to use on a long flight , light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
the ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
the screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
the screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
big mistake !
another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
i 've had the macbook pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
runs very smoothly .
this process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
i had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
of course my warranty runs out next month .
so , i must say i am not a happy camper .
i do n't have any technical pearls to share .
i will never buy another hp computer .
so ? how can you solve it ? c'mon , i just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
it is easily portable and i take it everywhere i go and might require internet access .
it is super easy to use .
i love this little one .
i would easly recommend this laptop to a friend .
my first problem was with the pre-loaded norton firewall/security program .
now the machine wo n't connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook .
it has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
but , like i said before , the only reason i do n't currently have a mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
hopefully my replacement is brand new .
the notebook is lacking a hdmi port and a s-video port that would enable one to hook it to a tv .
hope this helped !
web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
i opted for the squaretrade 3-year computer accidental protection warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are not covered by applecare .
needs constant repair .
very small and portable i 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and it 's better than expected .
they transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you ca n't understand what they are saying .
another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
i 'm definitely not hard on laptops and guarantee 100 % that no liquid has touched this machine in my presence .
it was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
if you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core amd or intel processor .
it is very slim , the track pad is very much impressed with me .
i have had a mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to pc .
i bought mine from apple store the day it was released as amazon did n't have it yet .
it 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they ca n't guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and i have to accept the outcome .
99 to fix it .
handles all my basic media needs easily .
design : very durable .
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
i now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a windows laptop .
in short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing rover your dog ) .
all you have to do is turn it on and it works .
simple details , crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden , bulky sticker filled laptops .
maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
i also liked the glass screen .
it played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
hewlett packard hp pavillion dv6000 laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
strengths : well shaped weaknesses : a bad videocard !
which is what i did , check out my acer 5517 !
they also use two totally different operating systems .
a lot of features and shortcuts on the mbp that i was never exposed to on a normal pc .
they do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
if you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
i purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
i like how the mac os is so simple and easy to use .
now for the hardware problems .
i 've only had it one day , but i really do love it and i 'm happy it was economical and i 'm finally able to own a mac !
my friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like i will have to as well .
very satisfied .
right out of the box , this little netbook did everything i asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations .
there was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the ibook .
the service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
when i finally held it in my hands i kissed it , yes i did .
this laptop was bad from the first day of use ---- brought it back to store for return of money .
i will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when i do so i do n't run accross a situation like this again !
the apple mc371ll/a 2.4 ghz 15.4-inch macbook pro notebook is a horrible waste of money .
all for such a great price .
i took it back for a full refund .
tech support would not fix the problem unless i bought your plan for $ 150 plus .
this was the same problem with my macbook ( circa 2007 ) that i just retired .
i saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what i know now , i would not buy it at that price .
so far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the hp i replaced .
it 's so bad that i 'm thinking i only got half a battery or something .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
it was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
if your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
i wish toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the os at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
not super light but still a good one .
the local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer usually even the trouble some toshiba satellite .
the speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you so wish .
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
a key contributor that led me to mac is the art aspect .
a great computer for light home use and business use .
i took it back for an asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
i have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
i had in the past a dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
its not bad just very very annoying .
it was about six months later when the overheating problem started again , to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine !
my macbook pro has been a huge disappointment .
even out of warranty !
no installation disk ( dvd ) is included .
in the three years i 've had my macbook pro , i have never had a virus on my computer , and i do a lot of work on the internet .
but guess what ? ( you have to buy an external dvd drive it does n't have a built in type ) the notebook ca n't be used because it does n't read anything for an external drive .
i have always wanted a macbook pro always !
this is what a laptop is supposed to be .
the backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
the bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously right after i bought this one .
it was old but it was not till we bought the dell did we realize how great it was .
the internet speed is spectacular .
i love it !
if i had to buy another computer , i would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
i would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
but it has a major design flaw .
btw , i checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that i was not alone , far from it .
it has a faster processor and more ram .
in fact , somehow ( and i never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
i brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
that was my first apple product and since then i have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs i have bought .
it had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
however , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
luckily i had a student task force able to help , or else it would have crashed within the first year .
there is no need to purchase virus protection for mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
after purchasing this thing , i find out that i need a special interface device to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
it is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
i purchased it this year when my old hp laptop finally died and i was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
the buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon - cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - otd !
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
get this machine
for me i was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and best buy matched their price so i was able to buy one for under $ 1000
they freeze all the time .
again i sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
i am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , i like the extra features , i love the windows 7 home premium .
the second issue i had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
i love it !
not to mention it has shit gigs .
i had a toshiba for 10 years .
true quality at a great price !
i have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine i have ever owned .
the os is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
it is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
this is perfect for her field .
the only bad part is the size / weight .
when i got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then i started experiencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment .
it 's great and we will always stick with apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
just a bunch of idiots who 's english as a 5th language is forced at best .
so far , a great product .
few viruses to catch ;
it had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
i 'm going back to dell .
built-in apps are purely amazing .
however , the experience was great since the os does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen .
it 's now all commodity hardware .
i finally decided on this one and could n't be any happier .
the apple will run internet explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
i bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
now that i have it i see that i really needed this for much more .
but i do not like win8 .
i 'm so glad i purchased a mac and not another pc !!!
the applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer i have ever owned .
eventually we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the machine that was causing the problems .
more likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution .
we now own two of these , identical .
this is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
this laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery i have owned outside of the iphone .
the unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
i was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , i took it for granted that these features were standard .
the most recent being that my safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but i have just been using firefox instead .
i have never had an experience like this .
4 ) laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
keys stick periodically and i havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
the exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
the keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops i have had in the past .
one more thing , this mac does not come with restore disks and i am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer pc 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iphone/ipod touch cables .
microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems .
the computer is currently in west verginia doe to the method of shipping chosen by toshiba .
the keyboard feels good and i type just fine on it .
it will make life so much easier next semester , just wish i had it last semester !!
my main reason to convert was the imovie program .
applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
i like it !
- complied to their protocol , called number , made " case " , got an email address to send complaint .
i had less problems .
remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product .
it does n't bother me though .
it also comes with 4g of ram but if you 're like me you want to max that out so i immediately put 8g of ram in her and i 've never used a computer that performs better .
my bag just got a little lighter .
it 's great to have a solid mac in the living room .
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
i have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
i had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
note , however , that any existing magsafe accessories you have will not work with the magsafe 2 connection .
what angers me more than anything else is that i spent all those years hating macs when i could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief !
has a 5-6 hour battery life .
just chill and enjoy .
the mbp is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
i never have had a good result with this computer .
went silently .
this mac does come with an extender cable and i 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years i plan on using this mac .
- estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
i sit down and use my husband 's work pc and i do n't like it one bit .
and inconvenient !
i love to use it it is easy and light .
being only 2 months old , i am not a happy camper !
needs a cd/dvd drive and a bigger power switch .
speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
i needed a laptop with big storage , a nice screen and fast so i can photoshop without any problem .
they need to stop outsourcing and send some complaint calls to us based customer service agents for those who live in the united states .
it doesnt overheat or make any loud noises .
i was amazed at how fast the delivery was .
it 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
no viruses .
my laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and died after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet .
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
it 's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs .
i enjoy very much my new toshiba , purchased specifically for attending online schooling .
almost 4 years ago i bought what was then the current , up to date hp pavilion -- if i recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the bios launched windows ( or winblows , as i like to call it ) .
i love the form factor .
i hate to say this , but if i could take this back to the shop and get my money back , then i would .
was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? probably not ever again .
only issue is that it is a little slow , and i 'm fixing that by adding more ram .
i bought this laptop and found its tab is not functioning .
after all was said and done , i essentially used that $ 450 savings to buy 16gb of ram , two seagate momentus xt hybrid drives and an owc upgrade kit to install the second hard drive .
i love my new computer !
this macbook is an outstanding product with great value .
there is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
no good .
i will upgrade the ram myself ( because with this model you can you can do it ) later on .
though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to ( cs5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
i sent it back to toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
i would like to use a different operating system altogether .
excellent product for the money .
with in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down .
it was getting old and i needed a new school computer .
and in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
i had 3 months when the ports started going out .
easy to set up and go !
i love this piece of equipment , it will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a macbook pro .
the display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my powerbook and very crisp .
i ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
after the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human interface .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
the resolution on the screen is almost pure hd .
anyone who is considering buying an acer computer of any sort , i seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand .
do you ever think hp would do that ? never !
seems like maybe a bad shipment from toshiba .
" > iphoto is probably the best program i have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
it ca n't get any better .
you just lose a customer .
i had my computer custom built from sonystyle.com .
i also enjoy the fact that my macbook pro laptop allows me to run windows 7 on it by using the vmware program .
this laptop has left me with a horrible taste in my mouth for acer brand products .
it has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
thank goodness for openoffice !
lots of preloaded software .
you know , using the computer should be fun , not aggravation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
not working = bad
it is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
get this instead , you wo n't be sorry .
i did not like my acer .
keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
but we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
i was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
while i mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , i 'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard i 've come to appreciate from mac laptops .
well , maybe i was just very unlucky .
it is so great , i can hardly ever take my hands off it !
12.44 seconds to boot .
i just got this laptop for college , and so far i am very happy with it .
it is everything that i would want in a computer .
the only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but i expected that .
they improved nothing else such as resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
so far , so good !
i bought my first macbook after seeing the product demonstrated .
they claim call center is still down .
best buy - 5 stars + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology ) dell computers - 3 stars dell support - owes a me a couple
this computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
the difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
yes , i thought the expese was a little much , but i now realize you get what you pay for .
prior to this computer , i owned a powerbook g4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
i was psyched .
even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger .
they really screwed the pooch on this one .
the apple macbook pro nothing to say but professionally great and outstanding .
i took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
i would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
i purchased an hp right after my high school graduation .
i am an info sys major in college , so i started researching this issue on my own .
i love its solid build , light weight and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
it is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
if this is an improvement in customer service then i would hate too see what it was before !
the built quality is really good , i was so happy and excited about this product .
love this laptop wonderful price for what you get !
it 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
i have been pc for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
within 3 weeks the same issues started happening again .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
shiny this laptop is the best of the best !
i remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever i look at the small scratch that it has caused .
the only downfall is the volume control .
the battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
other thoughts : received replacement 16 days later .
the final cut pro on this laptop is so fast and easy , and i can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
there is no " tools " menu .
i love this computer .
heck , if i had enough ' money , i would but it as a gift for someone .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
i would buy one of these for every person in my office if i could .
and now i am a proud macbook owner also !
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
it had most of the features and all of the power that i wanted to replace my desktop machine .
the difference in the apple keyboard from a pc 's keyboard took a bit of time to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
the right speaker did not work .
but the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
i would not recommend the purchase of this model of toshiba computer or any toshiba product for that matter .
actually , i had noticed the one on the sales floor also did n't have sound !
ms office 2011 for mac is wonderful , well worth it .
i came from the dell laptops and now i am so glad i switched when i needed a new laptop .
apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
i was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
i wiped nearly everything off of it , installed openoffice and firefox , and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
i 'm returning mine
i had never owned a mac before ;
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
my son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind , and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school .
for the bluetooth to work properly , you must install the launch manager on the drivers/applications dvd , or it will not show after the reload .
that whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
i bought this emachines notebook pc in january of this year and i am highly dissatisfied with it .
after that i turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
there are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
to this day , there are none .
it is amazing .
i am pleased with the fast log on , speedy wifi connection and the long battery life ( > 6 hrs ) .
your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
i had to have these computers in my school .
such as pages , numbers , and so on .
i was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
i claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
i should have kept my big , old hp .
it was hard to handle and operate at school .
it has come into good use for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for gaming .
the battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
i 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
but it came back in even worse shape .
no star for this trash . [ ...
i have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
my parents bought it for me as a graduation gift , and i 'm totally ( almost kind of maybe definitely ) obsessed with it .
i liked the aluminum body .
why not 5 stars ?
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
set up was a breeze .
it 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why i bought it in the first place .
overall this laptop is great .
i am not happy with my purchase
i personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
as a graphic arts a retired instructor i still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
it is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
when you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing .
unless you need the bluetooth 3 .
theres always something wrong with it , wether it be some virus you ca n't track down , or it overheats , sometimes even catches on fire , you just ca n't use it .
that defeated the whole point of a laptop .
i never had this kind of quality issue with dell ( not to say dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the mac mini is priced just right .
having had experience with a toshiba laptop , i was disappointed to find that the toshiba nb305 laptop has major problems .
so this review might be a tad bit bias .
if you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
if you had pc for four years i can almost guarantee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
buy this .
it still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so i would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
i would never buy a dell again .
plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive .
all was well .
i would like to tell you about the best laptop i just got from mac .
but i wanted the pro for the cd/dvd player .
the macbook starts fast , does n't crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light ( i have the 13.3 " model ) , and is n't always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
still not bad for 220.00 .
it is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on pc 's .
basic computer .
the macbook pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy windows laptop .
now i have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the mac !
that was a big mistake .
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
the downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something i 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
i know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
but if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
the machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
this newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
to my mind much more usable than the toy called an ipad .
then only four months later , my great macbook pro failed .
i have had my new macbook pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled all of my old pc laptops .
i am going to college next year and i needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals i am trying to pursue .
toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
( i found a 2gb stick for a bit under $ 50 ) nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
also , it hardly ever crashes .
i have used both pcs and macs and i have to say that i really really love my mac book pro .
screen is bright and gorgeous .
they do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
it 's been a couple weeks since the purchase and i 'm struggle with finding the correct keys ( but that was expected ) .
the size is perfect and i do not recommend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
the sound as mentioned earlier is n't the best , but it can be solved with headphones .
the switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
the volume is really low to low for a laptop was not expecting volume to be so low and i hate that about this computer
this machine rocks !
let me start off by saying that i was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop .
it took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that i owned the warranty .
there were no scratches or dents or any marks at all .
the dell mini was the first dell product that i had ever purchased .
but it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future .
i spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while i cook .
i just bought the new macbook pro , the 13 " model , and i ca n't believe apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to usb ports .
but my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
i will be patient for few months .
after that the said it was under warranty .
one of the wonderful things about macs is that they are virus free .
i try to use it today and i ca n't logon .
the price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
good luck with your purchase options .
most of them were either too big , too noisy and too slow after 2 years .
the driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
i would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run ms office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , i 'd highly recommend checking this out .
so i called technical support .
i take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
the 13 " macbook pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
however i dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then i have ever had with anything .
should be there by the end of the week ( again ... ) .
in addition , there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
bought this gateway m-50 or 150 early 2007 .
after replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive , my mac is just flying .
perfect trifecta !
i like the laptop overall .
i love everything about this computer .
but the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
it has just enough ram to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
all i can say is i am impressed .
all the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
i would like at least a 4 hr . battery life .
the first program i switched on was a game for my children .
browsing , also , was no problem for me when i used itunes ( which usually slows down my pc ) .
the baterry is very longer .
the pro is a great product , i wish that the 13 inch models came with the intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
i use it mostly for content creation ( audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have mentioned .
the keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
it 's fast , light , and simple to use .
was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
i plan on using my macbook pro for a long time .
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of ddr3 .
it out performs any other laptop on the market today .
) and printing from either word processor is an adventure .
well , i have to say since i bought my mac , i wo n't ever go back to any windows .
you can do absolutely anything and is very fast and stylish .
at least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
i bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
the salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
i bought a hp pavilion dv4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
i tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and i still have the same problem .
it crashes , and when it goes flat , it just dies ( like a pc , maybe worse ) and i loose all my open documents !
- i give up on my data , i just want a computer reasonably fast ...
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped opening web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it .
ease of use is just one of the benefits i love about my mac .
it is as good as new .
i like the mini mac it was easy to setup and install , but i am learning as i go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features i was use to on the pc especially the right mouse click menu .
this is basically the best laptop i have ever had or used .
it was definitely a smart move .
i am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great !
they do n't crash .
i use that alot on my desktop , so i am adjusting to not having it .
more relieved than anything .
apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset .
the audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity .
the reason why i choose apple macbook because of their design and the aluminum casing .
so you out of of notebook and money .
hp did n't fix it .
i am also upset with cr for giving a good rating .
i have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
help , help , other than that gets a great little wonder .
so glad i did not waste money on a less than par product .
i hate the display screen and i have done everything i could do the change it .
they say sorry out of warranty .
the " time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
i have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
it had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk ... this is in an un-air conditioned room in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
it is held in place magnetically .
( but office can be purchased ) if i ever need a laptop again i am for sure purchasing another toshiba !!
overall the computer is very easy to use , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
i needed a driver for my hp and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
its by far faster and more stable then my pc .
gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes .
my last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
just bit the bullet and bought the mac hoping it will last a lot longer  .
works well , and i am extremely happy to be back to an apple os .
can never go wrong with apple products .
good for every day computing and web browsing .
the screen is a little glary , and i hated the clicking buttons , but i got used to them .
exactly as posted plus a great value .
toshiba is a great brand , even though i have n't had it for a long time , i am very happy with it !
i have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
it was a hard decision for me since the macbook pro looked so appealing .
i called toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
working with mac is so much easier , so many cool features .
the cool thing about the mac book was that i went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iphone , then i came back and put them onto my macbook and made a pretty good dvd movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
in all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
but i am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
although i do believe that windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
it still serves me well both in business and home needs .
finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
overall a nice computer .
i charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
this thing sucks !
i finally pulled the trigger and i am blown away by how much more i enjoy my computer tasks using the mac mini !!!
as well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
this computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse .
fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
let me start with the good : so awesome .
i asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
returning this as soon as i get out of work
i also made a recovery usb stick .
my first laptop was an acer that i got for christmas .
this is my first dell i heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it !
it is really thick around the battery .
hp pavilion dv9000 notebook pc when i first got this computer , it really rocked .
going to bring it to service today .
also , the extended warranty was a problem .
and i may be the only one but i am really liking windows 8 .
not sure on windows 8 .
i had to install mountain lion and it took a good two hours .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
however , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
would pay more for it if i had too !
probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything i ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
simply amazing computer !!
ive owned apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
will not every buy another lou
1 ) payed $ 2200 for a " premium " laptop
- apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days i send them the old computer .
do not buy gateway computers they are junk and the warranty company is horrible .
but the macbook is the best !
does exactly what i bought it 4 .
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
i wanted to spend around $ 700 to $ 800 so i was directed to a nice looking hp laptop .
you can call hp and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
summary : spend your money elsewhere
summary : after doing some investigation on the web , i have found that toshiba nb205s are not chronically not booting .
newegg 's rma service was great as always , i contacted them late friday night , and they issued me an rma number and a prepaid ups shipping label the very next morning on saturday .
i have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
what a mistake !
i also travel with it and it never gives me any problems .
i especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems !
the love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
however , this will be my last as well .
my daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
i got this one for thanks giving offer for $ 962 :) .
i 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
and as for all the fancy finger swipes -- i just gave up and attached a mouse .
i decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
but after i got used to it i love it .
it makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to flickr or facebook etc , is not hard at all .
( 3dmark6 score is only 8500 ) .
pdf files can be viewed instantly .
it has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and ability .
as a computer science student in college , i find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
i love my macbook pro !
just a month and a half or two months ago , my vaio crashed again .
i was having a though time deciding between the 13 " macbook air or the macbook pro 13 " ( both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
i love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
the toshiba net book operates very well .
my previous purchases were with dell and hp .
will certainly use macconnection again .
have used only macs for years .
i was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews , but i 've found it fine to work with .
there is no hdmi receptacle , nor is there an sd card slot located anywhere on the device .
i use my mac all the time , i love the software , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you do n't have to worry about viruses .
i am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it .
they are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
i just recently had to ship my laptop back to hp for repair .
i bought it from hsn because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
one of the smartest thing i did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
the macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
the service i received from toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
so i 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
looking online , many people are having the same problem .
oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
when i am next to my router on my hp i get full service , on my eee pc i get 3 bars .
okay , let 's just start out by saying i am in no way a computer techy .
i 'm the pro-active type so i went off and did some preventative fixes .
but sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the bios again and shut down and would not turn back on .
how does the power supply not work !!!
so i called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , i just chose to hide the message .
it gets stuck all of the time you use it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work .
i especially like the backlit keyboard .
the acer one computer is a great computer .
i made a perfect decision when i bought the toshiba !
i bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
if it 's not shipped on the next business day , called on a friday they are closed on weekends , what was the next step .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
after years of using pcs , a new mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer .
before , i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from acer 's site .
it 's a mac !!
it is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
great deal on an amazing lap top !
this wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
everything was so easy .
i needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason i did n't purchase a mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase pcs .
mostly i love the drag and drop feature .
not even safe mode boots .
i purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
taking it anywhere was a pain !
those moments in time where you want to throw something against the wall ? yeah , i wanted to throw that laptop out the window and light it on fire .
they only stay charged a little over an hour .
that 's right , no power , absolutely nothing .
three weeks after i bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school .
you can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia .
i found the mini to be : exceptionally easy to set up
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
the screen is huge and colorful , but no led backlighting .
i just love this laptop , i just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
i ca n't even install one of the 3 printers i have in my house so i am unable to print .
in my house , hp is a nasty word .
it weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
i 've been a pc user and i just finally switched and i am never going back .
hp refused to give me a new one and wal mart refused to take it back .
keyboard could use some trimming .
i love the keyboard and the screen .
i like the design and its features but there are somethings i think needs to be improved .
it is a bit heavy .
the ease of use is wonderful .
really no problems with the hand me down computers i received from my children .
i have owned it only two months !
programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
the difference is the toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space .
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
this is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
system is running great .
this is my first personal satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous satellite work issued laptops .
out of the box i noticed how small it was and was exactly what i was looking for .
they basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
so buyer beware when buying toshiba
i was extremely happy with the os itself .
pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
after much battling with hp i was able to return it 4 times for repairs .
i 'm no regular customer i hate wasting my time with hellos and how can i help you 's .
it has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure .
i grew up in a design family so it only made sense .
all my devises  talk  to each other .
it could n't have been a better decision .
do i like the computer ? well , other than not getting viruses , i guess it is ok .
i 'm just really happy that i waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
clear picture on it and everything .
i had upgraded my old macbook to lion , so i kind of knew what i was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
i was disappointed when i realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
the internet was locked and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
i told them that i just received my brand new macbook but i was having issues .
i never tried any external mics with that imac .
but in fact it is totally the opposite .
here are the things that made me confident with my purchase : build quality - seriously , you ca n't beat a unibody construction .
the sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
it is extremely fast and never lags .
it works great and i am so happy i bought it .
they would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
i used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old pentium 4 with ht 1 gb ram sata desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago ) .
however i chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
the toshiba satellite laptop is designed to fail !
i do n't understand why only windows 7 starter is included .
that is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
i was n't a big fan of the netbooks but this one was very well designed .
the casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
and looks very sexy :d really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
it has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs .
the only thing i miss are the " home/end " type keys and other things that i grew accustomed to after so long .
at first when i got this product , i loved it .
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
very light and easily maneuverable .
this computer is the ideal college companion .
put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
love the speed , especially !
originally bought it for my wife .
and i babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
honestly , i am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs .
i love the multi-touch trackpad .
easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
i 'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer .
sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
i do not know for sure .
this one still has the cd slot .
features like the font are very block-like and old school .
i like coming back to mac os but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old hp laptop .
it lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if i fired it up today , it would work .
i go to purchase it on line , and i find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
it does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern .
im glad that it has such great features in it .
speakers too small to be of any real use .
this is something i would deffinately recommend to someone .
you wo n't be disappointed .
by the way teachers , they offer a discount which helps !
i would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more than a toshiba that is n't good at all .
you have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
another issue i have with it is the battery .
this computer had exactly the specifications i needed .
the quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
it freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so i have to restart it a few times every time i use it .
i saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from apple and i was concerned but i took my chances and am overly impressed .
it still heats up like mad and i am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time .
the graphics are stunning .
she tells me about it all the time but i tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going .
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
in early may i got it back and this time i only had it back for 1 day before it had a new issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so i was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " senior tech " .
i cant believe hp put this out .
i just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
the latest is on my lg netbook x12
the only pro to this computer is it was under $ 600 !
the mac version of microsoft office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
2nd mac book i have purchased from macconnection .
2 ) blue screen first month
the one thing i wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel .
i also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
it 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
it is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
i would buy it again in a heartbeat !
what 's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision .
summary : dont buy hp .
there are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new macbook !
sorry , newegg .
i ' v spent as much for shipping as i would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand .
i bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
they sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
the battery does n't last long but i 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
i hate this one .
i will never buy another computer from dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how i was treated by the company .
the system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
they said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
it 's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk .
return it .
the store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the hp brand because of the problems with their warranty .
my laptop now has no battery .
i 'm going to buy a logitech c270 .
while it was highly rated , would i like it ? i tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
i just plug this into my 22 " monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core .
my friends or children use that when they need to borrow the net =) when i out grow this meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one and i will be buying only toshiba !
it did n't take me long to get switched over to the mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
the computer blinks it shuts off at will .
a great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
this little netbook is helping me get work done !
the sd card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
i tell everyone i see out looking to get this or another toshiba .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
my only issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
there are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but , i have n't seen them yet .
gave phone number .
probably the worst decision we ever made !
i 've saved a lot of time and headaches so far , using my new macbook pro .
guess i 'll stay away from hp .
dell latitude d620 is not a reliable machine .
apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
there is no way i will buy a lg product in the future .
it turns out that this hp pc had been previously sold by wal mart .
but for now , this laptop is still a workhorse .
i love the glass touchpad .
first , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
i wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
i finally own a piece of computing equipment that i do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
it 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
my one complaint is that there was no internal cd drive .
acer wo n't replace the laptop .
the screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
this laptop is insane !!!
i previously owned an older dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years .
thank you for your great product !
just a black screen !
it 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
itunes is a handy music management program , and it is essential for anyone with an ipod .
let 's just get this out of the way , i love apple !
this is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and i 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but i still expected better product quality for this price range .
then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
you will not be able to talk to an american warranty service is out of country .
the perfect notebook ...
i thought the white mac computers looked dirty too quickly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
the battery life is amazingly long at 7 hrs and 5 hrs if you use it .
windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
otherwise , all other features are a 1
it quit working within a weeks time .
i blame the mac os .
if you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up .
everything about this computer is easy to use .
it 's like 9 pounds , but if you can look past it , it 's great !
long story , but after many calls to various offices , i was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
this is definitely a computer worth the money ;
finally , i purchased a toshiba .
the internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
if i have a problem with any of my apple items i make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops .
until i bought the dell , i thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
but enough about that , i am an apple convert for life .
its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i 've had it .
though you get a polite person , you often do n't get a solution .
i do not like too much windows 8 .
i 'm tired of the inept service .
the battery life is great .
i got the black macbook two years ago and have never regretted it .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
this time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
the laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
we carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the lcd just " slide " downwards .
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
i tried several monitors and several hdmi cables and this was the case each time .
wonderful zooming .
the built-in webcam is great for skype and similar video-chat services .
it was a waste of money from day one !
i spent months looking for a good laptop for me and i finally found it !
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke .
i love my samsung tv and galaxy s smartphone , but this netbook was a very poor computer .
after 2 months of complaints , asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
looked at hp , asus , acer , sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find i really liked .
i 'm going to try and keep my old g4 on the road for as long as possible .
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners .
english must have been his third or fourth language .
i like to use it at the race track to handicap the horse races .
like the price and operation .
i highly recommend this product !
i am sorry that i purchased this laptop .
i hate it !
see when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
however , i can refute that osx is " fast " .
i am replacing the hd with a micron ssd soon .
here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
the only thing that i do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that i want to be able to run and i am not able to .
i bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
i 've had to call apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
we decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
this thing is a lemon .
i went from bestbuy to dell , windows to apple .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
( the ibook backup also uses a firewire connection ) .
even though it is running snow leopard , 2.4 ghz c2d is a bit of an antiquated cpu and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running office mac applications such as word or excel .
i am very happy !
so , i took it back to the apple store and they ( narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
and this is n't just my one experience .
the mountain lion os is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with microsoft windows .
however , if i sound enthusiastic about this , i am !
packing and everything was perfect
very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
i was always against them but now i buying one i 'll never go back to pc .
i bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
since i have always used apple products , the choice of macbook pro was obvious .
this is the first laptop i 've owned , although i used several at my previous job .
it is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
i made the right decision .
i really wanted a mac over a pc because i used a mac in high school .
i my wife is also now the proud owner of a macbook as well !
i bought this mac book pro along with a new 27 " imac and while they are still light years more reliable than a pc i have noticed a decline in the reliability of my mac computers .
if you already own a 2009 , 2010 , or early 2011 model , you should wait until the next update .
it 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for microsoft office .
looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
another satisfied customer .
this was purchased for my daughter and i was pleasantly surprised .
if internet connectivity is important i would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a usb wireless card .
if you are looking for something reliable , this is the laptop for you .
and it did n't show up on the reciept , i do n't know how we ordered it online !
bought notebook 07/2009 .
this laptop does everything i need it to very well .
i love this program , it is superior to windows movie maker .
screen - although some people might complain about low res which i think is ridiculous .
with awesome graphics and assuring security , it 's perfect !
if you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
it is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
it is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
right size and weight for portability .
finally , i should note that i took the 2gb ram stick from my old eeepc and installed it before i even powered on for the first time .
when my dell laptop gave up only after 2-1/2 years , i decided to buy macbook pro .
it 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
i love it !
in short i would never buy a compaq again .
it has no camera but , i can always buy and install one easy .
a couple months later , they change my hard drive .
i went with him and we picked this one .
i tried giving it 0 stars but i had to choose at least one , but imo no stars
enabling the battery timer is useless .
after paying over $ 1000 for this computer , it was not worth it .
i was given a demonstration of windows 8 .
it is very well built .
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
for the price and what i get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
the only thing i wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones / mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
i understand i should call apple tech support about any variables ( which is my purpose of writing this con ) as variables could be a bigger future problem .
i consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need .
the brand of itunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that apple started it all .
the technical support was not helpful as well .
they are simpler to use .
i did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
the screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
so when i had the money to buy one i bought other things instead ... a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it .
and the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
now they are believers in the product .
navigation through the computer is far superior compared to windows operating systems , as well .
so i got another netbook which i love !
