if it 's not shipped on the next business day , called on a friday they are closed on weekends , what was the next step .
when i took it back to best buy i asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
i have had no luck with staples or hp to resolve this problem .
i was wrong !
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
one of the smartest thing i did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
i play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
and looks very sexy :d really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
i can not be happier with the service or product .
at first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
i can not even read what i am writing half of the time .
what angers me more than anything else is that i spent all those years hating macs when i could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief !
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a restaurant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
i highly recommend that you buy this product .
i ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back , but the return calls never came .
thank goodness for openoffice !
i am totally satisfied with my little toshiba !
it 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
i have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
i was sorely disapointed to discover that hp ( what i thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing , which is leaps and bounds ahead of pc in my opinion .
so glad i did not waste money on a less than par product .
but i was completely wrong , this computer is unbelievable amazing and easy to use .
i have used both pcs and macs and i have to say that i really really love my mac book pro .
this is not best buy 's fault .
btw , i checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that i was not alone , far from it .
i was getting extrememly frustrated when i would want to do these simple taks that i would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my pc .
i managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me .
i purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
i can actually get work done with this mac , and not fight with it like my tired old pc laptop .
i had the computer for a full year and it was a new computer .
it is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices , and usb devices are recognized almost instantly .
ms office 2011 for mac is wonderful , well worth it .
it is trash !
i never tried any external mics with that imac .
the only objection i have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
i dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
i will never buy ( refurbished ) again , i do n't care how cheap it is .
system is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
once i removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
great os , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
just be careful ; you always have to give up some good stuff for others .
it still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so i would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment .
i normally do n't participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
i switched to this because i wanted something different , even though i miss windows .
my only other complaint is that it gets really hot .
nice packing .
although i was promised about 10 hours , i found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
i have had two toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the mac .
it had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
that was a big mistake .
the computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my pc did , and i have all of the programs that were on my pc .
like the price and operation .
in may i started having problems with the usb ports not working .
i made the right decision .
the buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
it is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
i first purchased this dell model " 1764 " on april 6 , 201
i could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
this computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
registration/1st use is easy .
so buyer beware when buying toshiba
i practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
far superior to my macbook .
do n't buy this model .
i 've had this laptop for about a month now .
the resolution is even higher than any other laptop on the market .
upon giving them the serial number the first thing i was told , was that it was out of warranty and i could pay to have it repaired .
besides being elegant , the macbooks are durable .
will certainly use macconnection again .
i love it - never had a computer i was so impressed with - and i 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is far and above the best one i ever had before .
in fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
i took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their geek squad headquarters .
i had 3 months when the ports started going out .
again in february my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load windows so i contacted acer to get it fixed thru my warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though none of them spoke english .
if you get a lemon ( i have two thirds of my macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
seems a much more economical way to get into apple than their other computers .
the casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
i ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features i need .
i respond that i do not have the old computer ...
for the bluetooth to work properly , you must install the launch manager on the drivers/applications dvd , or it will not show after the reload .
my friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
the sheer power and flexibility makes the macbook pro a must have for any techie !
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac .
this time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
i will never complain about the price since i believe you get what you pay for and my macbook pro was worth every dollar .
the mac mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there .
screen - although some people might complain about low res which i think is ridiculous .
the ram memory is good but should have splurged for 8mb instead of 4mb .
it came alot faster than i thought it would have which was really exciting .
i had to call hp and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
very fast for my needs .
what a great little laptop .
for me , five stars is not enough .
" for one , i noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
my laptop with windows 7 crashed and i did not want windows 8 .
i dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
i finally decided on this one and could n't be any happier .
they would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
since i have always used apple products , the choice of macbook pro was obvious .
ca n't wait until i go on vacation and take it with me .
this is a great little computer for the price .
i waited and waited and no laptop .
another thing i might add is the battery life is excellent .
it 's fun to take to a bookstore , sit in the coffee shop area , sign in to wifi and look up book reviews of books i might buy .
one year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts i have given up on trying to fix it .
i was considering buying the air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
it is good to know that i can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life .
the battery is irreplaceable .
i had to return it because it would n't even start .
this is the first apple product that i have purchased .
loaded with bloatware .
with the macbook pro it comes with free security software to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
you can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps , it needs signature to pove that you received it .
since i 've had this computer i 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
windows 7 starter is terrific ( no you ca n't change the background ) but i do n't need to , i use it just for school work .
taking it anywhere was a pain !
the battery life is amazingly long at 7 hrs and 5 hrs if you use it .
i wanted something that had a new intel core processors and hdmi port so that we could hook it up directly to our tv .
you might think , i am new in this game , but i am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
the layout of the macbook is horrible and confusing ;
but to be honest , i do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
then on top of it all their customer service center is in the middle east .
it is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
i got the macbook and he got a macbook pro .
it took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that i owned the warranty .
let 's just get this out of the way , i love apple !
runs real quick .
i waited to review to make sure it is what it is .
this laptop does everything i need it to very well .
i also got the added bonus of a 30 " hd monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
it has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
i think part of the problem with this computer is vista , yet i know vista is n't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my acer and it also has vista ( i should have waited the few months to get the next operating system ) .
two of the times was in one month .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
the amd turin processor seems to always perform so much better than intel .
small enough to use on a long flight , light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
you will need them if you want to reload the os ( i recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal ) .
but after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
it is known as safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
i also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
it took so much time .
my only issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
awesome graphics !
if the number of patrons in the apple store are any indication , hp and other pc manufacturers need to take note .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
it 's color is even cool .
she brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " it is like that one " .
so , if you 're thinking of a laptop , i would heartily recommend the apple 13.3 macbook pro notebook computer ( z0j80001 ) notebook for all your needs !
the service i received from toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
needs power and mouse cable to plug in back instead of side , in the way of operating a mouse in small area .
the black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks i 've seen .
this is my first lg product .
it is robust , with a friendly use as all apple products .
all of them were windows machines .
then after paying for it to be examined i was told it was same problem cited on website but i 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
i have not have any problems .
the start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
if you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
an absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
i have had my macbook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that i will never buy another computer if it is not a mac .
it completely supports my home business and personal life .
the screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
features like the font are very block-like and old school .
my hp g60-244dx died after only 16 months .
never been happier using computer .
searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
i have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
well , they do n't care a bunch .
i am pleased with the fast log on , speedy wifi connection and the long battery life ( > 6 hrs ) .
great product .
not as fast as i would have expect for an i5 .
apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
so far , i have no complaints .
this is a great computer .
the machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your hdtv .
maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
never had a single problem , and do n't have to worry about viruses .
it 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
a scratch on a $ 1,500 macbook is unforgivable .
this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands .
i gave it to my daughter because i just hated the screen , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd 's when i wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
overall , still a very nice machine .
i returned it to best buy on the ninteenth of april .
suffice it to say , my macbook pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
i opted for the squaretrade 3-year computer accidental protection warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are not covered by applecare .
i feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it .
i have used a couple of others on the job as well .
i would easly recommend this laptop to a friend .
i took the computer into best buy where i purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
it is much better than the acer ultrabook i had before .
one of them seems to have worked .
i have now had it for 1.5 months and love it .
it is made of such solid construction and since i have never had a mac using my iphone helped me get used to the system a bit .
it did n't take me long to get switched over to the mac computer programs and navigation - it 's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better .
cons : price is a bit ridiculous , kinda heavy .
i have n't used it for anything high tech yet , but i love it already .
it 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than i could ever expect from a notebook .
it is well worth the money it cost , very good investment .
a lot of help they were n't !
not easy to carry .
i 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
i used windows xp , windows vista , and windows 7 extensively .
the first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
after the first few months , the computer started crashing about every week .
garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications i 've had experience with .
now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
i waited another month for approval and for them to " build " me a new laptop .
other ports include firewire 800 , gigabit ethernet , magsafe port , microphone jack .
so we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
its seen in movies , sitcoms , prominent important people carry and use them and they are great !
it is not ideal for children because of the temp .
it started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
i wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
i love it !
it freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so i have to restart it a few times every time i use it .
a great computer for light home use and business use .
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
the macbook pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer .
i should have sent it back to them then .
this process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
true quality at a great price !
$ 999.00 tax free .
big mistake !
the toshiba laptop was a great purchase .
sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when i factor in all the money in that i wasted on geek squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested pcs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
the macbook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
no viruses .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
i was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple i was almost worried that i was doing something wrong .
it was always getting froze up .
i 'm very happy with this machine !
the product is prefect for everyone .
the applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer i have ever owned .
as a computer science student in college , i find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
it drives me crazy when i want to download a game or something of that nature and i ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
i have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
so glad i have gone this route !!
i then upgraded to mac os x 10.8 " mountain lion " .
i have had nothing but problems since the day i took it out of the box !
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
what can i say , it 's an apple .
windows xp sp2 caused many problems on the computer , so i had to remove it .
then the hard drive failed ;
some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarantee .
i would never buy a dell again .
it is fast and easy to use .
this is definitely a computer worth the money ;
it does n't bother me though .
after that i turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
the only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc .
they will not let you down .
i 've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i do n't regret buying it .
asus has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and i would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
i had a usb connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny .
i went from bestbuy to dell , windows to apple .
4 ) laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
the only time i have restarted is during system updates .
and i babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
i like how the mac os is so simple and easy to use .
also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed this device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
that included the extra sony sonic stage software , the speakers and the subwoofer i got ( that was worth the money ) , the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer , the extended life battery and the docking port .
it has a very high performance , just for what i needed for .
it was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
after replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive , my mac is just flying .
processor - when compared to my 3 week old early 2011 edition there i barely experience any difference in performance ( 2.3 ghz v/s 2.4 ghz ) .
it runs very quiet too which is a plus .
looked at hp , asus , acer , sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find i really liked .
but i needed a laptop for school use .
waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
this laptop is a great buy .
the most recent being that my safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but i have just been using firefox instead .
it 's shiny and it 's pretty .
i am just amazed .
so noise is reduced at least 50 % and the heat is much better , now it does n't feel hot but warm .
i bought this lap top and the charge time dose n't last as long as they say it will more like 2 hours
dell latitude d620 is not a reliable machine .
another three weeks later i had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
while many people brag about mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a pc , but once i got the hang of it , i do n't want to go back .
i am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
this one has had the same effect .
and having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
this is the first time for me to use a mac and i 'm really happy with the move .
design : very durable .
the on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
defective software .
i will upgrade the ram myself ( because with this model you can you can do it ) later on .
despite the plethora of problems , i managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
i eventually did the migration from my imac backup disc which uses usb .
still have n't solved this .
i always swore by pcs and would never consider a mac .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
stay away from envy .
it is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
if your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger .
quite simply this is the best laptop i have ever owned . #simply +1 , best +1
this is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
my sister is the electronics manager at wal mart and she says that hp is the best .
it is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
10/10 five stars would recommend .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i am still in the process of learning about its features .
the os is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
again i sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones / mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
it was loaded with windows vista home premium -- delivered with only 1gb of ram , and it was a * dog * .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
they discovered the manufacturer 's defect and sent it in for repair .
maybe not the cutting edge ( satellite l455d ) but it is a workhorse .
after way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop i had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when i might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
it is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
- no backlit keyboard , but not an issue for me .
we did not even have it a year .
if you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the case and be happy , plus it looks nice , i bought the white one from best buy .
it is easy to use and lightweight .
most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
i can render avchd movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core i7 .
it is really thick around the battery .
called acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - i was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
the new os is great on my macbook pro !
the power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but wo n't stay connected .
it should n't happen like that , i do n't have any design app open or anything .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
i have recommended this laptop to everyone i know who is buying one .
after much effort and 10 days asus replaced it the wifi is very weak .
the materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
while lacking some of the functions of the other versions , this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer .
i was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews , but i 've found it fine to work with .
i paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line dvd and cd burners .
i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate , and the bluetooth and fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
back she goes !
nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
just what i needed for portable and my wallet too !
my macbook pro has been a huge disappointment .
its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while i am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
without a doubt , the * design * of this laptop is fantastic .
i had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
comfortable to use light easy to transport .
it has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and ability .
i use my mac all the time , i love the software , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you do n't have to worry about viruses .
the gray color was a good choice .
and i 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
but to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think i ll buy a pc next time .
there is no need to purchase virus protection for mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
i love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention pc 's require .
it 's now all commodity hardware .
my review mainly talks about the difference i have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro .
i am taking back today .
all i can say is w-o-w .
my laptop worked again for just a while before i started having issues again .
it did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , i was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
it has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
also i typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying .
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
the keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops i have had in the past .
i have no problems yet on my mac so far , and hope it stays like that .
do n't waste their money , save it and but a mac .
it is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
cons : screen resolution .
i 've had friends with acers who seem to have had similar or exact same problems .
no big deal .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
battery is lasting about 6 hours as i am surfing the web on sundays while checking football scores and watching funny youtube videos .
return it .
once you go mac , you ca n't go back !
( if you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " activity monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
minis make sense for a lot of people .
i wish toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the os at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
this was around three years , maybe four years ago .
i have never had any issues or problems with my macbook pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when i first bought it .
but , mac makes the switch from pc to mac easy .
i am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great !
a month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
my laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and died after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
my last computer , a toshiba , cost only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
iphotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
it was secure and easy to navigate .
first it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
i also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
just beware no dvd slot so when i went to install software i had on cd i could n't .
my kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
i was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
i like itunes , the apparent security , the mini form factor , all the nice graphics stuff .
this is another reason to like the mac .
it is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
the like new condition of the imac mc309ll/a on amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a quad-core 2.5 ghz cpu ( similar to the $ 799 mini ) , with radeon hd 6750m 512mb graphic card ( this mini is integrated intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless apple keyboard and mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
after looking at all the pros and cons , i decided on the macbook pro .
it was returned on the third day i owned it .
my husband uses it mostly for games , email and music .
love the speed , especially !
the rep did not even answer my question , i had to ask him , if he understood what i ask or if he spoke english because he did n't even try to acknowledge my question .
i am very happy i bought this mac , well worth the extra money .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
but the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
only problem that i had was that the track pad was not very good for me , i only had a problem once or twice with it , but probably my computer was a bit defective .
those things are very important - vital even !
the awesomest of the awesomest .
i cant believe hp put this out .
but i was wrong .
enjoy your sit down
the programs that come standard with the leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics .
i got the new adapter and there was no change .
overall i am very satisfied with the purchase .
stopped booting up less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
we researched and found the best price at macconnection .
i purchased a macbook pro and this to replace a couple of hp units that i was using .
my macbook pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
i have used pc 's and converting to this macbook pro was easy .
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
i try to use it today and i ca n't logon .
macbook notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background programs that run without the user 's knowledge .
but , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
but if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
it 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
i was so excited to receive the toshiba l455 as a gift/bonus for some work i had done for a friend of mine !
one drawback i noticed was sound quality via usb .
the video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they update the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
yes , that 's a good thing , but it 's made from aluminum that scratches easily .
did i mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams bulk ?
not worth it one bit .
i had always used pcs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
screen is bright and gorgeous .
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
i love it so much .
keyboard responds well to presses .
everything was so easy .
i do transcription work on the side , and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well .
but see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
it is blazing fast !
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
no , they do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " how can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
the mac mini , wireless keyboard / mouse and a hdmi cable is all i need to get some real work done .
this computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and i do mean crawling .
that defeated the whole point of a laptop .
its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i 've had it .
working with mac is so much easier , so many cool features .
i like to use it at the race track to handicap the horse races .
i have a lapdesk which i can use , but i can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
i have n't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review .
i can throw anything at it ( and i do ) , pictures , video editing , schoolwork .
i am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it .
windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
i think just going from pc to mac has gotten me totally spoiled and i ca n't imagine ever going back .
this just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
in november my computer messed up entirely and would n't power on after installing a windows update , i had to have my hd flashed and lost everything on it , including my school assignments and irreplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason i was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
first the screen goes completely out .
i went to toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
very very highly recommended .
bigger hd , better graphics card , and a bid hd .
my only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
the battery lasts as advertised ( give or take 15-20 minutes ) , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
this by far beats any computer out on the market today built well , battery life amazing .
it 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why i bought it in the first place .
easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
i am forever changed and will no longer buy a windows based machine for personal use .
it has just enough ram to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
also , i have had a lot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
i got it for christmas , and i was so excited to set it up !
they break down just as often as pcs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a mac , they do n't exist .
i fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now i could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
this mac mini makes the macbook pro seem slow .
the other day i had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
in those three years , i 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by apple quickly and easily .
i agree with the previous comment that asus tech support is horrible which is a con in my opinion .
the macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
however , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
it was hard to handle and operate at school .
unfortunately , that is not the case .
the tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and i have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which i bought my netbook from .
i loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows os ) until this started happening .
i previously owned an older dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years .
also the display is exceptional !
the battery life is probably an hour at best .
so much faster and sleeker looking .
the price is great for this model , i only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
fits all my personal needs .
and the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
i spoke with a service rep at micro center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
- when battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the machouse amsterdam for repair ( 26th of august ) .
have used only macs for years .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
*** the review below is no longer relevant , apple has fixed the issue .
i complain again ...
overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
this laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery i have owned outside of the iphone .
( 3dmark6 score is only 8500 ) .
but after i got used to it i love it .
the difference in the apple keyboard from a pc 's keyboard took a bit of time to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
i love its solid build , light weight and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
i use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
i have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
it has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
if i had to buy another computer , i would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
my wife recently purchased an apple macbook pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
the performance is awesome .
the apple care has never failed me , and i expect it to be the same for this computer as well .
i get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , i can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
yes , he is a self professed " mac snob .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
i hate it !
im very happy with this computer !
whenever tried to turn it on , it would restart as soon as the bios launched windows ( or winblows , as i like to call it ) .
i do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this macbook pro laptop ( you get what you pay for ) .
it is very well built .
i love this product because it is toshiba and its 15.6 " .
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus .
applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
so i 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? the darn thing would n't go back on .
i had to return it for a replacement .
the baterry is very longer .
i could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
i know apples are more expensive than pcs , but he thinks it is worth every penny .
i love the multi-touch trackpad .
i occasionally use it for work via vpn and it has not given me any problems .
in my line of work , i often have to take work home , and this makes it so easy .
it 's solid .
performance is much much better on the pro , especially if you install an ssd on it .
they need to stop outsourcing and send some complaint calls to us based customer service agents for those who live in the united states .
its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
my real problem with it ? the statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
i will not be using that slot again .
seems like maybe a bad shipment from toshiba .
once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed windows 8 set-up you may feel frustrated .
he came into my house , fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it .
the graphics and screen are stunning and although i was a pc person , i was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
the mac book pro performs flawlessly .
hewlett packard hp pavillion dv6000 laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
if you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
money and time well spent !
i would buy it again in a heartbeat !
despite the claims of the apple apologists ( a vice of which i am recently myself reformed ) the internals of mac laptops are no different from pcs ' at this point .
keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
the reaction of toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
the body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
the internet was locked and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
i am first time mac buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the mac offers .
it has come into good use for my finances , scheduling , my parents business expenses , and it is definitely amazing for gaming .
thanks , macconnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
the biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
i called apple and no solution .
i love everything about it .
all you have to do is turn it on and it works .
they removed them and returned the computer to me .
it is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
it wakes in less than a second when i open the lid .
i bought it for really cheap also and it 's amazing .
apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
i own a hewlett packard laptop and i 've had man problems with it since i bought in in feb , 201
i would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
also stunning colors and speedy
it 's a long and tiring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
when this happened i would have to completely power off my computer and restart it .
would highly recommend this netbook though .
bought from wal-mart , i believe that this laptop was a repaired item .
the battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if i ran off the battery with the high efficiency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
so when i had the money to buy one i bought other things instead ... a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it .
the old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
it did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
my macbook was worth ( after 3 years of use ! ) $ 375 .
it seemed to be a very nice laptop except i was not able to load my garmin gps software or microsoft office 2003 .
i have never had an experience like this .
sorry , newegg .
do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
oh , boy !
you will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
she tells me about it all the time but i tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going .
well , maybe more like week one .
time will tell .
i was disappointed when i realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
other thoughts : i love newegg , i recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
i was a little worry at first because i do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
you just get a trial version either way .
bought with a credit card .
ive never had a problem with it !
i have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
i tried several monitors and several hdmi cables and this was the case each time .
we both recently got new laptops .
i like the operating system .
you can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
the only thing that i do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that i want to be able to run and i am not able to .
i know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
i think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point .
extremely disappointed with the way it is .
hard disk - the new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500gb instead of 320gb ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
i love the keyboard and the screen .
i am stuck with a laptop that i can not do very much with .
i had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
finally , i should note that i took the 2gb ram stick from my old eeepc and installed it before i even powered on for the first time .
we do n't mind and you do n't matter .
after 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
not too much " junk " software to remove .
when i got it , i immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive .
this purchase opened me to the world of macbooks , and i am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
i wish i would have taken the plunge years ago .
this is my first dell i heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it !
i 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
so if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands best buy sells .
good luck .
another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
long story short , since i experience so many problems with my laptop every since i bought it from day one , i did n't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what i pay for a crappy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
it 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
the improvements to the os have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
it rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
i have had my new macbook pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled all of my old pc laptops .
i sent it back to toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
they said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
bottom line , i doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
have one myself and love it !
it is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
the ease of use is wonderful .
exactly that , users .
and at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when i upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( i bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
the screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
i can not even imaging going back to a pc after using this wonderful computer .
enjoy that toshiba force and durability unparalleled
the keyboard is too slick .
startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
i just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
he did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
it 's fast and has excellent battery life .
i can leave my macbook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
i had to install mountain lion and it took a good two hours .
they have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
it works fine with our wireless and they 've had not problems .
the battery life is excellent , the display is excellent , and downloading apps is a breeze .
my friends or children use that when they need to borrow the net =) when i out grow this meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one and i will be buying only toshiba !
who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
i hate this one .
the volume is really low to low for a laptop was not expecting volume to be so low and i hate that about this computer
my problem was with dell customer service .
the " time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
after they found no other way , they told me to courier it to them ( since they do n't allow the use of the post office ) at my expense , and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it would n't be covered .
the only thing i miss is that my old alienware laptop had backlit keys .
not with apple .
i just ca n't fathom that the celebrated dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
the newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
after 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , i managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
there 's literally no way to make it sing with vista .
it also comes with 4g of ram but if you 're like me you want to max that out so i immediately put 8g of ram in her and i 've never used a computer that performs better .
another problem .
i wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
i always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times .
the real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
going to bring it to service today .
actually , i think i was intimidated by the change from a pc .
now i have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the mac !
my kids have to take their pcs in once a year to have them " debugged " .
i take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
i bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
we did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
you ca n't even get a satellite card which is why i bought to begin with .
before i begin , i will say that i am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - i am not an apple fanboy .
the salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
my computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates .
all i can say is i am impressed .
unfortunately , apple 's quality has continued to slide .
the mouse buttons are hard to push .
but then , something goes wrong .
it was old but it was not till we bought the dell did we realize how great it was .
it 's fast and dependable .
i 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
it came before the day it supposed to which is great .
the 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
i had less problems .
but in fact it is totally the opposite .
i ca n't say enough of how satisfied i am with their product and help aftermarket .
the hardware problems have been so bad , i ca n't wait till it completely dies in 3 years , tops !
after sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , i broke down and spent another $ 100 to get microsoft word for mac .
amazing quality !
if you have much higher expectations than that ... i would look elsewhere .
in the shop , these macbooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con ) .
the machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
i will never go back to a pc again !
and inconvenient !
startup times are incredibly long : over two minutes .
they definitely have a superior product !
the first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
i bought this macbook pro from best buy under a year ago to replace my old macbook air .
it is extremely fast and never lags .
this is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
another issue i have with it is the battery .
i like it better than my big dell laptop .
i believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
it 's great and we will always stick with apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
after the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq .
other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
believe me apple has a reputation .
i love the easy to see screen , and it works well for work , personal or just play .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
( i found a 2gb stick for a bit under $ 50 ) nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
its a dog plain and simple .
i sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so i got a new one and some other fixes they found .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
support has been lackluster and now i just want a refund .
anyway , in early july of this year , the dvd burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
then it ceased charging at all .
and it comes with the new osx that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the dell
the aspire wont even boot past the acer screen with a droid ( i have tried both motorola and htc ) plugged into the usb port .
with in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down .
wonderful features .
my sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
second hdd cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
it is so simple to use , i use it more than my desktop .
they sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when i got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my cd drive was n't reading anything !
best buy laughed when i told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
but when i received my replacement , i made both recovery dvds ( 4 ) , and a driver/application dvd .
it is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
taking it back to best buy i found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken ( manuf issue ) .
best commuter i have ever owned .
so when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
i hope this review helps .
i realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
i told them that i just received my brand new macbook but i was having issues .
pc never worked right even after bios fixed .
my favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so i can connect it to a bigger screen .
i have had it over a year now with out a glitch of any kind . . i love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is fast and clear as can be .
it took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
it was super easy to set up and is really easy to get used to .
they have not sent a new one nor called .
i 've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye 'd the computer when i took it out of my bag .
i understand i should call apple tech support about any variables ( which is my purpose of writing this con ) as variables could be a bigger future problem .
it is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
i brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the mac mini is priced just right .
however , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you 're gaming ) .
i will have to say that i love my macbook pro !
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
love it so far .
shiny this laptop is the best of the best !
battery life needs more life .
i got the first " blue screen of death " in the early part of july .
they also have a longer service life than other computers ( i have several friends who still use the older apple powerbooks ) .
it 's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc !
the speed difference is next to nothing for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
i did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements , but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before i purchased .
so far so good with this laptop .
they refuse .
it pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
the overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
i finally pulled the trigger and i am blown away by how much more i enjoy my computer tasks using the mac mini !!!
when i called toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
sure hope best buy will replace it asap .
i 'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just is n't worth it ( that 's about how long the port seems to last ) .
needs constant repair .
one more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4gb stick of ram to save you $ 10
this macbook pro is fast , powerful , and runs super quiet and cool .
for two months , when you guessed it .
i love it !
i called their repair depot as was told they would send me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
the computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan .
after paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
only issue is that it is a little slow , and i 'm fixing that by adding more ram .
this is my second macbook .
if upgrade is possible to the full windows 7 , then i will truly be a very happy geek .
the cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
also consider the ms office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
it 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
the shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
it has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
it is by far one of the greatest investments i have ever made .
having had experience with a toshiba laptop , i was disappointed to find that the toshiba nb305 laptop has major problems .
i do n't know how i could ever live without my qosmio .
but the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
i mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
- called headquarters again , they report that tft panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
it was wonderful deal for the wonderful product .
all the yada-yada .
the price is higher than most lab top out there ; however , he/she will get what they paid for , which is a great computer .
that includes transferring my music and movies .
the thunderbolt port is awesome !
i work in film editing and post production , so i need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
just a black screen !
another satisfied customer .
this one still has the cd slot .
all in all , a very disappointing experience except that i learned how good the geek squad is and also customer service .
pretty disappointed about this product .
i have owned it only two months !
learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on windows machines .
if only bill gates would read some of what is said here ms would do a better job .
the only thing i would change about it is the mouse keys .
the speakers on it are useless too .
that 's very possible , but since they do n't make windows xp drivers for the sound card in this machine , i was stuck until windows 7 came out .
the battery life is excellent - 6-7 hours without charging .
dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture .
the battery life is great .
its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action .
i guess he was the technical person .
- touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to .
i bought this mac book pro along with a new 27 " imac and while they are still light years more reliable than a pc i have noticed a decline in the reliability of my mac computers .
aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
if you are a pc user looking to convert i would highly recommend it !
i know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
again , decent comp for the price , and i was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
was searching online for a power supply when i found this site .
i continued to take the computer in again and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
i just love this laptop , i just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
* = webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
but while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with apple .
the minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
3d rendering slows it down considerably .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
looking online , many people are having the same problem .
i 'm very disappointed in dell .
the battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
it 's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk .
i have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
so , i took it back to the apple store and they ( narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
my first problem was with the pre-loaded norton firewall/security program .
i bought it to be able to dedicate a small , portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that i needed to buy a word processing program to do so .
the receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance .
i would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
i do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and i 'll never buy another one because i 've put more into it then it is worth .
it 's outstanding too .
i have vista , so i am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
i sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it .
instead of taking another chance on toshiba , i went with an asus g73jh-x3 .
great performance and quality .
i only wish this mac had a cd/dvd player built in .
so think about factoring those things in when you purchase .
i am so happy to have purchased this computer .
i dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing .
summary : hp knew they were shipping out bad bios and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
however , it did not have any scratches , zero battery cycle count ( pretty surprised ) , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
i would highly recommend this macbook .
i took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and i finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
i am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
the laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
i work on a pc at home and have used pc all through college .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
the nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different fedex offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse it support technicians in the world .
i paid about the same for my toshiba as i did for the compaq a few years back .
during that time , i had to send it back 3 times .
ever since i bought this laptop , so far i 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services i received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
for those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
so this is very good computer and i highly suggest it .
i swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
i 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
so then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
this computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
) i also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
this has happened three times so far .
they should have included more memory on their computers if they knew vista would run slowly .
but the mountain lion is just too slow .
luckily i had a student task force able to help , or else it would have crashed within the first year .
i know some people complained about hdmi issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
unfortunately , it runs xp and microsoft is dropping support next april .
comes with imovie ;
keys stick periodically and i havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
perfect for all my graphic design classes i 'm taking this year in college : - )
my friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like i will have to as well .
the computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
this computer that i have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
the unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than apple 's previous laptops .
i edit and burn to dvd a lot of video , so i obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive .
this is my first personal satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous satellite work issued laptops .
i visited the apple store and was impressed with the 17-inch macbook pro .
computer has been at service facility more than in my hands .
i 'm extremely happy with my purchase as i now have the portable power i have been looking for .
otherwise , all other features are a 1
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
more relieved than anything .
go for it !
the video card is great for media , and above average for gaming , but not a gamers first choice .
the extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
the os is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
i use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
just chill and enjoy .
accordingly , i have decided to never purchase another hp product ( my five year old compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
its everything mac offers .
it had a seventeen inch screen which i wanted , but i did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
no luck , although i waited for hours on the phone-visited machouse , they stated the their call center is down due to too many phone calls ( difficult to believe ) .
the ac power port becomes loose over time
this version of macbook pro runs on a third-generation cpu ( " ivy bridge " ) , not the latest fourth-generation haswell cpu the 2013 version has .
i would recommend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school .
bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
it is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
we were pc users .
we love the size of the screen , although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around .
they do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
wifi capability , disk drive and multiple usb ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required .
its small enough where i can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
it has many great programs , such as ilife , iphotos and others .
it is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
i had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
what can i say .
that is my only complaint !
it 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they ca n't guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and i have to accept the outcome .
thank you .
i regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
while apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
it was at my door in less than 24 hours .
but not in this case .
it is a great computer for that and i have to say i 'm happy i switched .
graphics are much improved .
all the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
the laptop is relatively simple to use , though i bought macs for dummies , which is well worth $ 2
i got this one for thanks giving offer for $ 962 :) .
who could n't love a dvd burner , 80-gigabyte hd , and fairly new graphics chip ? as i soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured sony and toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
it is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not .
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again .
the acer one computer that i bought is 17 inch screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but i like the big screen on it .
runs like a champ .....
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software im used to ( cs5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
built-in apps are purely amazing .
i did n't like one thing about it .
this one , in my opinion , might be a lemon !
also , it hardly ever crashes .
buy the separate ram memory and you will have a rocket !
the mac version of microsoft office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
the size is perfect and i do not recommend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
no hdmi port .
my battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars !
it makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier .
looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , i decided to purchase the mbp 15in intel core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
made interneting ( part of my business ) very difficult to maintain .
obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human interface .
the computer did what it was not supposed to do , and i did n't know what to do ....
after 3 pleasant weeks of use , the laptop just died .
laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a 17 " .
worse , for the price i could get a * netbook * that outperforms this machine .
very nice so far .
it was fast , and it was " different " .
posted nov 8 , 2010 - two weeks ago i bought this notebook .
the internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
i was extremely happy with the os itself .
best money i ever spent .
i 'll stick to toshiba .
kind of annoying , but i still love the laptop .
this was the same problem with my macbook ( circa 2007 ) that i just retired .
about 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro , which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro .
my friends are in awe every time they come over !
no complaints for an apple product .
it does not even have the software to play a dvd now .
i bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch mouse stopped responding .
i am going to go back and return at store i bought from !
i would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a desktop it does not meet the expectations .
i am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it .
the screen takes some getting use to , because it is smaller than the laptop .
well , i bought this laptop a month or two ago .
the toshiba net book operates very well .
the worst a mac ever did to me was freeze up .
i previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( if i am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
i bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
the key bindings take a little getting used to , but have loved the macbook pro .
to my mind much more usable than the toy called an ipad .
good computer and fast .
within 3 weeks the same issues started happening again .
does everything i wanted this laptop to do .
i purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
i saw walmart had the same computer for about $ 650 but still knowing what i know now , i would not buy it at that price .
this comes in very handy for me as an educator .
i use that alot on my desktop , so i am adjusting to not having it .
help , help , other than that gets a great little wonder .
i had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so i sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
it is super fast , and always loads .
the ease of set up was terrific .
the neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
it was weird .
one drawback , i wish the keys were backlit .
the performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iphoto work great with my phone and camera .
screen , keyboard , and mouse : if you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
this was an update from an early macbook pro .
first , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
everything i have tried has worked and i never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
i simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus .
i think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and i need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
the only bad part is the size / weight .
i want my l505-s5988 back !
the computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on july 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary product key .
i am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
only thing i would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
i am a huge computer person i love any kind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
( the sata controller is the motherboard chip that lets the cpu talk to the hard drive . )
it had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
i had never owned a mac before ;
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
so a couple of years later , i was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
i did contact hp and share how unhappy i am .
this laptop serves all my needs .
screen is crystal clear , yes it 's small - but it 's a netbook !
this is the third in a series of macbooks starting with a black macbook .
might not make the avid gamer happy but i do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
though you get a polite person , you often do n't get a solution .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
screen is a bit glossy , but that 's not too bad .
i had to re-install windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
this is my second mac book pro .
amazing product as you would expect from apple .
the first one sent : touchpad did n't work the second sent : usb did n't work the third sent : touchpad did n't work the fourth sent : has n't arrived yet .
it would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
i thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new mac ecosystem .
my opinion of sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
i love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
it 's so useable and responsive .
i contacted acer and they are giving me free recovery dvds , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
steve jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
i had to pay $ 100 for a universal charger for this cheap $ 300 laptop .
have n't regretted it one bit .
i have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
the only thing i did n't learn in my research was the software i would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
the screen shows great colors .
okay , let 's just start out by saying i am in no way a computer techy .
and the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college .
the macbook starts fast , does n't crash , has a fantastic display , is small and light ( i have the 13.3 " model ) , and is n't always complaining about updates , lost connections , errors , blue screens , etc .
i especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems !
a very important feature is firewire 800 which in my experience works better then usb3 ( in pc enabled with usb3 ) i was not originally sold on the mac os i felt it was inferior in many ways to windows 7 .
while we struggle with all the crashes and viruses , the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for business !
finally , i purchased a toshiba .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
i would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
now , the next issue i had freaked me out .
was very much worth the price i paid .
it 's the most wonderful thing in the entire world .
i love windows 7 which is a vast improvment over vista .
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
also ... - excellent operating system - size and weight for optimal mobility - excellent durability of the battery - the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand -
but in resume this computer rocks !
i can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner .
i love this computer .
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , i feel like i can do programming homework anywhere .
the leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from memphis warehouse .
i think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
i 've tried going back to xl but there still problems .
i have had the luxury ( sarcasm ) of owning 2 of these laptops .
no i am generous calling it slow .
it came in brand new and works perfectly .
at 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
i wanted to spend around $ 700 to $ 800 so i was directed to a nice looking hp laptop .
falls into the case .
i 've had my macbook pro for three years now and still love it !
everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure .
first of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
it does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
i would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
very disappointed !
a great college tool !
my last laptop was a 17 " asus gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , i found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the asus had been slowly developing problems ever since i bought it about 4 years ago .
the problems started with just the screen freezing .
you can call hp and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
the 13 " macbook pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
if you really want a bang-up system and do n't need to run windows applications , go with an apple ;
definitely worth spending the money on it .
oh yeah , do n't forget the expensive shipping to and from hp .
wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
images are crisp and clean .
it is of high quality , has a killer gui , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
- stay away from machouse amsterdam .
price was higher when purchased on mac when compared to price showing on pc when i bought this product .
i am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
even if apple replaces whatever needs replacing i wonder if , since i seem to be doubling the amount of time i get out of it each time it 's " like new , " i might have 8 months next time .
took the netbook on a vacation trip and i was able to do whatever i wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
* 4 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - annoyed at machouse amsterdam , decided to send complaint email to apple .
great battery , speed , display .
so far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and i am praying it has finally stopped .
i am a full mac convert now .
i am very pleased with my purchase !
i expected so as it 's an apple product , but i was glad to see my expectations exceeded , this is the laptop to buy right now .
after all was said and done , i essentially used that $ 450 savings to buy 16gb of ram , two seagate momentus xt hybrid drives and an owc upgrade kit to install the second hard drive .
yet my mac continues to function properly .
i have n't tried the one with retina display ... maybe in the future .
satisfy what i paid for it .
even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
the laptop is gorgeous .
it 's not a recommendation , it ' a plea .
not something you want to miss out on !!!
the display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my powerbook and very crisp .
it has been nothing but trouble from the time we bought it .
i know that everyone thinks macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that best buy offers ) .
i always have used a tower home pc and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless i had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
they have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and i 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
the macbooks worth every penny .
i love the 15 " macbook pro .
i wanted to explore what the mac was all about .
however , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the lcd ) .
user upgradeable ram and hdd .
the apple will run internet explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
its worth every penny .
you know , using the computer should be fun , not aggravation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
which it did not have , only 3 usb 2 ports .
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
such as pages , numbers , and so on .
the lesson learned here is : it does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
finally was able to reach a young lady in california and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
should be there by the end of the week ( again ... ) .
pc users work in word , while mac users work in pages .
it 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
other thoughts : do not purchase this product .
the first program i switched on was a game for my children .
has a 5-6 hour battery life .
when i got the computer back and realized it still was not correct hp told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
i was given a demonstration of windows 8 .
the flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the os x .
the nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
two times with in one month .
the screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
so happy with this purchase , i just wish it came with microsoft word .
after replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
i would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of garbage .
well i got this computer from best buy and i have had nothing but problems i bought the computer with a virus .....
osx mountain lion soon to upgrade to mavericks .
do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? it will not !
i saved for this laptop for 3 months and i can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
well , i had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my pc , but took the apple to the conference .
i 'm glad i bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
summary : they played games with me for the warranty period .
what i 'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory .
they were great in handling this problem , and i 'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future .
they had me send in the machine last april returned it to me in may with no documentation on what was done it anything .
they are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
it even has a great webcam , and skype works very well .
is this partially due to the fact that it is running windows vista ?
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
so what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? the after sales support is terrible .
i would have to say that overall its great !
its not bad just very very annoying .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which i am used to it being on the side .
no hassle and no complaints .
they say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive ( i do n't really understand why but anyway ) .
it was still working , but there was nothing on the screen .
it was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
great , quick laptop for the money .
i love the form factor .
one suggestion i do have , is to not bother getting microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a pc .
so this review might be a tad bit bias .
however , i can refute that osx is " fast " .
reason why ? it 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike pc laptops which drop more than 80 % .
i love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it .
great pick for portability and affordability .
again , the same problem , the right speaker did not work .
unless you need the bluetooth 3 .
but no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it on their website !!!
setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
the new macbook is light-years ahead of my old white plastic macbook circa 2006 .
? i am only interested in the 15.4 mcbook pro model # md103ll/a
i am very happy !
it provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
i spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person !
however , i love this particular mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
very fast boot up and shut down .
oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
i wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
i also wanted windows 7 , which this one has .
if you buy , pray you dont have major problems .
though please note that sometimes it crashes , and the sound quality isnt superb .
this ai n't it .
she told me flatly , " it 's like that one .
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
i had gotten this model for $ 1199.00 on my state 's tax-free weekend and had a $ 100 off coupon for a macbook at the local bestbuy !
i would like to use a different operating system altogether .
set up was a breeze .
the one down side to it is that when i play a certain game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
the sound as mentioned earlier is n't the best , but it can be solved with headphones .
apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset .
i love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop i 've used .
very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
i am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
the laptop was very easy to set up .
it s heavy for mac book but is good .
it was a hard decision for me since the macbook pro looked so appealing .
i 'm just really happy that i waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
guess i 'll stay away from hp .
biggest complaint is windows 8 .
my main reason to convert was the imovie program .
i ca n't even install one of the 3 printers i have in my house so i am unable to print .
my toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
i thought that it will be fine , if i do some settings .
i 'm glad i made the choice to switch and buy this mac .
but i do not like win8 .
files as well would become lost , deleted or corrupted .
enabling the battery timer is useless .
if you are looking for a netbook pc do not buy from asus !!!
i have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet !
this is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
i preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
the price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
see retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , i just didnt really wan na spend the money but im glad that i did .
everything from the design to the os is simple and to the point .
and that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed .
there also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
i 'm glad it waited , this one is great .
the only thing i wish is the 15 inch macbook pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
the battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
i feel that enough people have macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be .
can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
i purchased this netbook after my original toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired .
many thanks , overstock.com .
but if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
the quality , engineering design and warranty are superior -- covers damage from dropping the laptop .
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
chatting with acer support , i was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
the majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 macbook pro model # md101ll/a .
it was quite easy .
it just works flawlessly !
the mbp is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
so you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
the magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( i even put it to the test by accident ) excellent innovation !
i tried giving it 0 stars but i had to choose at least one , but imo no stars
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immobile .
but other than that i am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
my daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
it is extremely portable and easily connects to wifi at the library and elsewhere .
soft touch , anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws .
i was psyched .
let me start with the good : so awesome .
this is a great machine !
just what the doctor ordered .
the only problem is a lack of screen resolutions !
what 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time i submitted it in case it does n't keep what i put here are my ratings
oh my goodness - i am not a happy camper .
i love this 13 " mac white unibody .
either the computer is too slow to detect the keys typed ( this is unlikely as i am a slow typist ) or the keyboard simply does not detect the keys being typed .
strengths : well shaped weaknesses : a bad videocard !
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
i think this computer is super lame .
the apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
i 've already upgraded o mavericks and i am impressed with everything about this computer .
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem .
enjoy using microsoft office !
all i will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap vaio .
i can do everything i could before , only faster and more efficiently .
i am replacing the hd with a micron ssd soon .
speakers does n't sound that great .
it was a total hell experience that i will never repeat .
i am very happy with my first mac .
hp did n't fix it .
the few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
i re-seated the " wlan " card inside and re-installed the lan device drivers .
just a month and a half or two months ago , my vaio crashed again .
i returned the computer to hp and they kept it for 3 months .
this machine is flawless , fast , and classy .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
it was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
i would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had windows 8
there is no " tools " menu .
boots up fast and runs great !
i 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
i will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
i 've saved a lot of time and headaches so far , using my new macbook pro .
the graphics were awful and the warranty is n't even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
there is no way i will buy a lg product in the future .
it want take it , it keep saying error .
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
all-in-all , i would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
i baby my electronics so i know for a fact it was defective and not anything that i did to it .
my mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
this mouse is terrific .
best buy - 5 stars + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology ) dell computers - 3 stars dell support - owes a me a couple
they improved nothing else such as resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on .
easy learning curve .
great wifi too .
i have never really been big on downloading anything so i was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus i thought i was protected by norton .
the only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
the os is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a pc , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this os !
if you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
supplied software : the software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what windows comes with .
from the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats windows easily .
i was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
the system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that i use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
i have had a black macbook since 2007 .
great deal on an amazing lap top !
in my opinion it was not as user friendly as i expected either .
and toshiba is a quality supplier .
2nd best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgrade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
web access through the 3g network is so slow , it 's very frustrating and very disappointing .
it fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and i have never had any issues with it freezing .
this computer was bought because i wanted " top of the line " , fast , reliable , ha .
it 's fast , light , and simple to use .
it 's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs .
i actually contact toshiba before i started having problem and was given run around after i supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
easy to set up and go !
i will not buy another one .
called tech support and got the usual acer " we do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " i explained there was no software involved in booting .
the troubleshooting said it was the ac adaptor so we ordered a new one .
apple is unmatched in product quality , aesthetics , craftmanship , and customer service .
in due course , i 'll remove the hard disc from this new macbook pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
i hate to say this , but if i could take this back to the shop and get my money back , then i would .
i just plug this into my 22 " monitor and the speedy macosx performs just as well on this dual-core that my dell did with windows 7 with a quad-core .
for the not so good , i got the stock screen - which is very glossy .
it gives me the power and speed that i need to run all the programs i use to edit .
it allows me to do everything i need from a computer and more .
starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
i was happy with my purchase of a toshiba satellite l305d-s5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the toshiba warranty .
received all four in good order ;
acer wo n't replace the laptop .
other than not being a fan of click pads ( industry standard these days ) and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook i do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
i bought this mac in order to replace my old dell laptop .
it has everything i would need for a home computer .
and this is n't just my one experience .
i 'm going to buy a logitech c270 .
overall very impressed , thank you apple and amazon !
honestly , i spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what i got on there for !
plus stylish .
however , a netbook will be a different story .
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk ... this is in an un-air conditioned room in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
while i mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , i 'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard i 've come to appreciate from mac laptops .
the laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the windows 7 starter and not the full windows 7 .
i did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
i am a college student and it has been very useful .
it is the worst laptop ever
its more like a snail crawl .
it 's annoying very much and i wo n't ever buy any acer products .
:] it arrived so fast and customer service was great .
i wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
but , i would recommend this product .
you may just lose 1 customer for now .
i left the place angrily .
great things come in small " packages .
i have to wonder why amazon is even selling this dinosaur .
i ca n't honestly say i was heartbroken .
when it broke i wanted another acer and chose the v5 .
this thing is awesome , everything always works , everything is always easy to set up , everything is compatible , its literally everything i could ask for .
breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
it 's a good fix , in my opinion .
even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
i will never purchase a hp again ever .
it would not let me connect to my wifi system where i lived .
to me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to uncle sam ... definite buy ...
being a pc user for many years to switch to a mac i will not go back .
it has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs .
i did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
each time taking about 1 day or so .
highly recommended !
no tutorials on the display .
now , i guess , i 'll have to unload my m6809 on some poor , hapless soul .
the led backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
there are a few flaws as well that i noticed .
i actually believe the issue is with the nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
i have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
then i 've fixed the dc jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the dc jack to the outside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
it is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
all in all great item highly recommend it .
when i am at starbucks between clients i get full bars on my hp and 1 bar on my eee pc .
i would definitely suggest this laptop !
really no problems with the hand me down computers i received from my children .
great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
i have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
i started having problems with it within the first month .
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
take the simple , easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around .
do your research on this issue .
and these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
i tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and i still have the same problem .
but you must get the 15 inch .
that being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
i bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
at first when i got this product , i loved it .
it 's a great product for a great price !
better stick with another brand .
the smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
the only thing i can imagine is that sony jumped on early specifications for vista requirements from microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
performance is good for the price .
games being the main issue .
eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
5 ) cut my losses and sold it for parts
i got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so i was now on the second motherboard within 3 months .
amazing machine .
sorry toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
quietest laptop i have ever owned .
i used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old pentium 4 with ht 1 gb ram sata desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago ) .
i would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
its fast , has high definition quality in the videos .
i can see why the have soooo much money .
however , i may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton .
the sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
i am most impressed with the programming , including the iphoto .
great value , fast delivery - computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
it 's a mac !!
the trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
i had the same reasons as most pc users : the price , the overbearing restrictions of osx and lack of support for games .
but for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the pc 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
i got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
that is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
i really wish i had done this years ago .
that 's how frustrating it was .
i had read online that some users were having sound problems .
i highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college .
i could have purchased a cheap computer to do what i 'm doing now !
the toshiba satellite laptop is designed to fail !
the computer continued to give me issues and in late june it completely died again and i tried to call acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
turns out this is a common problem .
in early may i got it back and this time i only had it back for 1 day before it had a new issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so i was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " senior tech " .
browsing , also , was no problem for me when i used itunes ( which usually slows down my pc ) .
i am going to college next year and i needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals i am trying to pursue .
boot-up slowed significantly after all windows updates were installed .
the screen is framed by half - to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary , reduces the screen size and increases the bulk .
it also does not have bluetooth .
at first , the computer seemed a great deal -- seemingly high-end specs for a low , low price .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - visited machouse amsterdam .
the macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day i bought it .
at least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
my macbook is probably the best investment i have ever made .
i have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
i 'm going to try and keep my old g4 on the road for as long as possible .
the only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
my mac is much more efficient than a pc so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete .
right out of the box , this little netbook did everything i asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
all the customers that come in hate dell .
having heard from friends and family about how reliable a mac product is , i never expected to have an application crash within the first month , but i did .
i 'm so disgusted that i wasted my money on this product .
love the graphics , awesome programs ( including garageband ) , and really cool default background .
10 plus hours of battery ...
my husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $ 300 less ( he got a pc ) .
i have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
i also purchased office max 's " max assurance " with the " no lemon " clause .
i respond that i do not have the old computer and this way i would lose the data on my hard drive .
buy it , love it , and i promise you wo n't regret it .
it takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
the internet speed is spectacular .
it has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
summary : i 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
fine if you have a touch screen .
i upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
i love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new toshiba works great on both !
did n't work when shipped from walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model ) .
i 'm now trying to decide on another dell model .
when calling dell for help , return , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
good monitor and performed well .
and in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
it is held in place magnetically .
the store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the hp brand because of the problems with their warranty .
i should have checked this before i installed my applications .
also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
still not bad for 220.00 .
apple no longer includes idvd with the computer and furthermore , apple does n't even offer it anymore !
i just took the broken cords into the apple store and they gave me new ones .
it allows you to automatically upload photos to your facebook account with one click .
logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
keyboard is reasonable size .
then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so i was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
runs smooth and quick .
( i definatly ca n't ) .
now that i have upgraded to lion i am much happier about mac os and have just bought an imac for office .
i was starting to boil .
dell sucks
i got my macbook pro because i wanted to do all the stuff i need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes .
it still heats up like mad and i am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time .
it certainly does , but you rarely hear any of your friends with mac 's complain about anything .
with all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
may be better for the occasional web surfer .
packing and everything was perfect
it is amazing .
the screen is n't huge , but that does n't matter when i output media to the 50 inch lcd tv .
it is easy to operate and i have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new rolls royce of laptops .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
all the programs are easy and straight forward on my macbook pro , it is clean and organized , which i always strive to be myself .
i do not plan on going back .
this computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse .
the only thing i can say is that the touch pad does n't work like it should all the time .
i 'm tired of the inept service .
( you may be reading one now !
you will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
two , owning a 17 inch mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
so having the ac plug go out on me and get lose or i could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
i just bought the new macbook pro , the 13 " model , and i ca n't believe apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to usb ports .
this computer had exactly the specifications i needed .
:) in the past four years i 've had it i have never once gotten a virus .
i 'm very impressed .
on start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
i custom ordered the machine from hp and could not understand the techie due to his accent .
i 'm returning mine
even though i had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
the mac snow leopard o/s is extremely easy to use , although very different than win xp , visa or win7 .
i tried out another mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine .
i also purchased iwork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to microsoft office ) .
having usb3 is why i bought this mini .
one night i turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day i turn it on , no gui , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
i thought learning the mac os would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a pc .
i spent months looking for a good laptop for me and i finally found it !
my wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
if you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
my brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an apple .
no startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
will not every buy another lou
for example , when my husband turns the light out while i 'm on the computer .
am very glad i bought it , great netbook , low price .
will probably never buy a hp again .
for my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin ( it happened 7 months ago ) they offered me an itouch 8gig ( you know it is a bit insulting when a company this rich , offer a loyal customer like me , a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this ) .
it was very easy to just pick up and use -- it did not take long to get used to the mac os .
having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
highly recommend for daily use .
obviously we both got new macs .
the brand of itunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that apple started it all .
this is what a laptop is supposed to be .
i should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer .
this laptop was bad from the first day of use ---- brought it back to store for return of money .
also , hdd secures inside using rails , and there is only one set on the main hard drive .
i finally did it and this machine is the way to go !
they did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
yeah , it 's super expensive .
before , i reloaded with windows 7 ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from acer 's site .
it could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have ddr5 instead of ddr3 .
of course , i also have several great software packages that came for free including iwork , garageband , and imovie .
it feels cheap , the keyboard is not very sensitive .
- computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
it 's ok but does n't have a disk drive which i did n't know until after i bought it .
the two of us use it regularly .
that being said after 2 weeks of owning every time i start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
all of the programs ( keynote , pages , numbers ) have an option to save your documents as microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
note that i do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
good luck with your purchase options .
it was shooting sparks !
the ultimate graduation gift .
the newer macbook that i have purchased is one of the best computers .
i have found it very easy to use , very informative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
i have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that i would have learned a lot quicker if i would have taken the class .
no machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems .
i 've been having endless problems since i bought the computer - only 1 month ago
have purchased many products over the years from macconnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
:) great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
my macbook is faster than any comparable pc .
the screen is a little glary , and i hated the clicking buttons , but i got used to them .
the only thing i miss are the " home/end " type keys and other things that i grew accustomed to after so long .
first off , i really do like my mbp ... once used to the os it is pretty easy to get around , and the overall build is great ... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on .
i chose the ibookg4 , a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone .
none of the techs at hp knew what they were doing .
more likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution .
well i spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 dvd .
out of all the laptops i have owned , this is by far the best !
i am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
where you click and hold and drag it picture , link , etc to where you want it .
long story , but after many calls to various offices , i was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
i purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
i look forward to years of use , it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well .
even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
i like the brightness and adjustments .
excellent in every way .
if you are looking for something reliable , this is the laptop for you .
after paying over $ 1000 for this computer , it was not worth it .
the keyboard feels good and i type just fine on it .
i bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
it turns out that this hp pc had been previously sold by wal mart .
best thing is i can use existing 32 bit old programs .
being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
the acer one computer is a great computer .
its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
navigation through the computer is far superior compared to windows operating systems , as well .
the brand is tarnished in my heart .
the keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
in short i would never buy a compaq again .
they say sorry out of warranty .
now i had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the geek squad i found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
of course , i inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and i even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
if that is the case for you , i would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
i had my computer custom built from sonystyle.com .
do n't waste your money !
i would never tell anyone to buy one either .
well , maybe i was just very unlucky .
either way , the keyboard is unsatisfactory .
very fast and efficient !
it 's software and speed enable it to do amazing things .
after years of using pcs , a new mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer .
it is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an alienware gaming machine .
it is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
i needed a driver for my hp and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
they 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
they transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you ca n't understand what they are saying .
they really do have the worlds very worst repair service .
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
this laptop leaves alot to be desired , i have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
it has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
- managed to send complaint email .
web browsing is very quick with safari browser .
to list a few : they tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns , as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up .
i 've installed to it additional ssd and 16gb ram .
its still going .
overall a nice computer .
completely worth every single penny dime and nickel .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
downfalls : sharp edges .
apple did a great job .
when i called sony the customer service was great .
it is very durable , i am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet .
they are so realistic i am just speechless .
if what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
this is by far the best , most reliable computer i could find .
the powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
the downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something i 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
we use the built in tools often , itunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iphone .
the settings are not user-friendly either .
battery life could be better but overall for the price and toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
i recommend the macbook pro if you want the best laptop on the market .
it was a huge monstrosity of a laptop !
stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then i found it can only be loaded with 2gb * maximum * .
our apple 13.3 macbook pro notebook computer ( z0j80001 ) notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking .
i grew up in a design family so it only made sense .
they informed me that i had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
i 've had to call apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
i 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
the lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
i 've always used pc 's for work home and this is my first experience with a mac .
there is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice .
love it love it love it !
he 's thrilled with his new laptop .
it is the best all around mac .
great overall .
not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
it is really expensive though .
bottom line , if you can afford it , get a mac !
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
i constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed .
to those thinking about switching , do it and do not look back !
i was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but i need not have worried - this machine is the fastest i have ever owned ...
super light , super sexy and everything just works .
they sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
i have had at least eight toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
from the moment i opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off .
the people there just changed for me on the spot and i got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
do not purchase this laptop .
from the get-go , the m6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
the first problem is that the keyboard function is simply unsatisfactory .
what a waste .
info : windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
quick and has built in virus control .
so i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
the ati graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as half-life 2 or even world of warcraft .
my one complaint with this laptop is that i 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
few viruses to catch ;
the 17 in macbook pro has been a wonderful addition .
the keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
nothing bad to say about it .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
this has been nothing but a headache since we purchased it .
programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb ram , the computer was kinda slow .
i 'll wait and save up for a new one .
the battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
with no problems , i 'm happy with this purchase because i saved money compared to buying it anywhere else .
awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful ux .
newegg 's rma service was great as always , i contacted them late friday night , and they issued me an rma number and a prepaid ups shipping label the very next morning on saturday .
a key contributor that led me to mac is the art aspect .
when the buyer returned it wal mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
i took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one .
in desperation , i called their customer service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the privilege of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
i wanted a computer that was quite , fast , and that had overall great performance .
in the three years i 've had my macbook pro , i have never had a virus on my computer , and i do a lot of work on the internet .
buying a mac mini would allow me to make the transition .
sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and usb ports inoperative .
i saved about $ 100 plus tax ordering on amazon and since i have prime , it arrived overnight for just $ 3.99 more .
we carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the lcd just " slide " downwards .
the first time i used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
i am not happy with my purchase
the laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
and i can attach my projector to it .
i am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents i have received to date .
huge apple mac fan !
wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside .
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that does n't require a dedicated video card .
was not happy with one of the programs on it .
it took toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
this is the first time that i tried and owning a netbook although i have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , i find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
if so , you may be having similar problems .
yes , a mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
if this would be your first mac purchase then i would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between mac and pc 's .
the battery life seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
the speed , the simplicity , the design . . it is light-years ahead of any pc i have ever owned .
so , i went back .
now , as easy as it is to use , and i do think it is a great starter laptop .
if internet connectivity is important i would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a usb wireless card .
the speed is fine .
i had a macbook notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
2 months later , the battery went .
hp pavilion dv9000 notebook pc when i first got this computer , it really rocked .
the dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
that is how it is able to function better than any other pc .
i sent it back and they lost it .
i remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever i look at the small scratch that it has caused .
at first !
the configuration is perfect for my needs .
much faster than my old windows laptop that died on me .
i ca n't even turn it off .
temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in core processing unit temperatures .
that seemed to solve the problem , till i wrote an article with semicolons in it .
the resolution on the screen is almost pure hd .
theres also idvd , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
for this purpose , it 's great .
i do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
i can say that i am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
the genius at the apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure .
i have had another mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
i 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
there were no scratches or dents or any marks at all .
sony parts reliability and quality of service is recently the worst .
i have owned many computers and laptops .
i already have a hp laptop i bought last year that 's standard size .
the dvd drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
no viruses !
my hp is very heavy .
it was just one problem after another for me , and that 's reason we had forked out so much money was so we would n't have anything to worry about .
i bought this laptop on saturday and am completely in love with it !
the next time i had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
the screen is huge and colorful , but no led backlighting .
the toshiba mini notebook , model nb 305-n410bl , is a great little computer .
i love the dock where i can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
by the time i was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed i had been without my computer for almost a week while i was an online college student , so it was very inconvenient and i had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
it would take up too much time to do research for my papers and i would be up hours - just because the computer was too slow .
it lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if i fired it up today , it would work .
it ca n't get any better .
i finally made the leap after my gateway crapped out on me .
the screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
if you already own a 2009 , 2010 , or early 2011 model , you should wait until the next update .
it 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from pc ;
do n't waste your money or time .
i took it back for an asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
again .
i would like to tell you about the best laptop i just got from mac .
! so nice . . stable . . fast . . now i got my ssd !
the new mbp offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
i have a business website and every time i have to change something i have to go to the public library to use a pc .
it would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
i 've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts .
not a scratch or mark on it .
speakers too small to be of any real use .
if you want more information on macs i suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
everything else just install and go .
it was definitely a smart move .
i love the operating system and the preloaded software .
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
i was always against them but now i buying one i 'll never go back to pc .
in summary , take your money elsewhere .
the toshiba laptop i am using is easier to use than most i have tried .
as far as user type - i dabble in everything from games ( wow ) to photoshop , but nothing professionally .
does everything i need it to , has a wonderful battery life and i could n't be happier .
works well , and i am extremely happy to be back to an apple os .
it has no camera but , i can always buy and install one easy .
i like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
fan noise : the fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
i had finally reached my limit and broke down .
the screen is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
the battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still i think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
i love a " pc " but i was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
but enough about that , i am an apple convert for life .
i also own an hp notebook and it does n't even come close .
before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
first , you ll discover that the word processing program known as appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
i just got this laptop for college , and so far i am very happy with it .
not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a pc and mac , the versions of these programs on a mac are graphically and functionally superior .
the hard drive crashed as well , and i had to buy a new power cord .
my information was all lost ( my fault , i know , but i never thought i would need to back up my information on a brand new mac , the paragon of all computers !
one , owning a mac is essentially a full production studio ( in the case of a mac book a portable version ) .
great purchase and i definitely did n't miss out on the black friday deals .
i am using the external speaker - sound is good .
you just can not beat the functionality of an apple device .
i have been a pc user for a very long time now but i will get used to this new os .
oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
of course , emachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
i know that asus is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that i have ever had .
hope this helps !
has all the other features i wanted including a vga port , hdmi , ethernet and 3 usb ports .
not super light but still a good one .
this is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life .
i can guarantee this will be the last dell i will ever purchase !
i would suggest this product to anyone .
also , i issued a replacement rma for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
but we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
the computer could have been shipped by priority mail through the usps for the same cost and arrived by noon on tue .
the touchpad is very intuitive , so much so that i never want to use buttons to click again !
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
this netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and i have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
the screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
i use it mostly for content creation ( audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
we paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
i had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
i need graphic power to run my adobe creative apps efficiently .
i do n't understand why only windows 7 starter is included .
additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
i did a lot of research and ended up thinking this toshiba was the best one for me .
sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
only good thing is the graphics quality .
maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
it is so much easier to use
i got the black macbook two years ago and have never regretted it .
i can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
( but office can be purchased ) if i ever need a laptop again i am for sure purchasing another toshiba !!
the computer runs very fast with no problems and the ilife software that comes with it ( iphoto , imovie , iweb , itunes , garageband ) is all very helpful as well .
you will regret it if you buy any dell .
the motherboard is dead !
i was said it 's video card .
charger seems large for this class of computer .
do you think i purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that i can demand a new set ? do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? or rather no solution .
it 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
this flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else apple got right with the mini .
i was also informed that the components of the mac book were dirty .
my bag just got a little lighter .
great battery life .
but i do n't see it as a problem .
it has had some problems .
it is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
on two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969 .
by the way teachers , they offer a discount which helps !
when it come time for warranty service to toshiba you do n't matter .
and if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
* if you are looking for a good laptop , this is not it !
i just love my mac !
although i do believe that windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
the 2 gb of ram is plenty , able to run windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
keyboard could use some trimming .
overall , it 's ok .
but i wanted the pro for the cd/dvd player .
it 's great to have a solid mac in the living room .
if you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
after a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
it just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the os .
it is better than my old acer laptop .
i did a review on it , its awesome .
it is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way too slow .
i fell in love with it .
the internet explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
one of the wonderful things about macs is that they are virus free .
from the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer !
i am glad i did my research .
might have to buy one for me now , since i use it all the time .
this causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
in my house , hp is a nasty word .
as for the laptop , this is our 3rd apple computer in the past 2 years .
finally decided to try a mac because there were too many choices of which pc 's to buy and everyone who had a mac said " buy a mac " .
the built quality is really good , i was so happy and excited about this product .
it works great for general internet use , microsoft office apps , home bookkeeping , etc .
if you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
when the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
" i 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely love it .
also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
i have been a mac user since the mid 90s .
simple to use , and great graphics .
so it was only about 2 weeks ago .
upgrading from windows 7 starter , thru windows 7 home premium , to windows 7 professional was a snap ;
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
it was a laugh too !
dell is a decently made pc .
memory is upgradable .
i can never go back to a pc now , this machine never freezes or has any problems .
i also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
a longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures .
the notebook would not turn back on again .
quality display i love hp , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
just do n't waste your time and money on this .
that was my first apple product and since then i have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs i have bought .
so , i must say i am not a happy camper .
would do business again .
got another 1 , and same issue .
i also bought one for my wife , and 3 for my office .
this unit is not .
even out of warranty !
needs a cd/dvd drive and a bigger power switch .
other than that i do n't have one complaint in the world !
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
it doesnt get hot like my pc , with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime i forget how to do something i just google it .
pdf files can be viewed instantly .
i took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
i took it to the shop and they said it would cost too much to repair it .
i am addicted to photo booth !
problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school .
i droped this once from the table when my baby girl grabed me one day and it is still working with no issues !
right size and weight for portability .
i was n't a big fan of the netbooks but this one was very well designed .
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
i homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
handles all my basic media needs easily .
if you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the mbps .
so do n't get it .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
i am very happy with this laptop .
overall , this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase !
i upgraded it 's ram to 2gb , i am very happy with it .
overall i feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
i guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
its pretty much fire it up and go .
i was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , i took it for granted that these features were standard .
i find myself using the 10-key more than i thought i would .
i wish iwork or ms office came with the mac , but ms office does n't even come with most pc laptops .
not sure how i recommend it for quality gaming , as i have a desktop rig for that reason .
let me tell you , this machine is great .
3 ) horrible customer support
i found it toughest to decide between dell ultra books and apple .
the wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
i would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
this is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
the cover for the dvd drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
never been hacked .
although my model was listed as recalled , hp denied my claim .
apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached .
the netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me .
i was loving this netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped opening web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime i booted it .
they only stay charged a little over an hour .
the aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
the system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
i will never buy anything from hp again !
toshiba is a great brand , even though i have n't had it for a long time , i am very happy with it !
went silently .
ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by apple .
the speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you so wish .
cost is more as compared to other brands .
but it came back in even worse shape .
i 've almost have bought every generation of macminis since 2005 , and this one has n't let me down .
sound card is limited though .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
the one thing that apple does right is computers .
this is a great value for the money .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
it can not save the correct date and time i set .
they sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that i return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
but if you are in the computer field you probably would n't be here .
finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
the screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install mozilla firefox i love every single bit about it .
i do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however i would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
since i keyboard over 100 wpm , i look for a unit that has a comfortable keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
one more thing , this mac does not come with restore disks and i am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer pc 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iphone/ipod touch cables .
the 4 usb ports are nice , but the two on the side only work now and then .
so ? how can you solve it ? c'mon , i just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
i would not recommend the purchase of this model of toshiba computer or any toshiba product for that matter .
overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
i love this little one .
when i turned it on , nothing .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
no good .
out of the box i noticed how small it was and was exactly what i was looking for .
from the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
a couple months later , they change my hard drive .
it 's so quick and responsive that it makes working / surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
after years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the apple route .
so if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
also the speakers are not very loud , but it is a netbook .
it 's very annoying .
this thing sucks !
anyways i bought this two months ago and when i first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporarily in save zone .
i thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and i would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
then just the other day , my left " mouse " button snapped !
they do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
with a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
the battery life is also relatively good .
i love it !
i really like the mac 15.4 in . notebook , but its very pricey .
additional caveat : the base installation comes with some toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
i paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
there are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
so , i paid a visit to lg notebook service center at alexandra road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
i have been a pc user since middle school , but in my mid twenties i decided to convert to the dark side , or should i say the brighter side of life .
microsoft word was not on it and i had to buy it seperately .
but i did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a pc .
i was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
a couple things you should know :
i will never go back to windows !
i bought a hp pavilion dv4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
did n't expect to repair it at once !
i have had it for almost four years now and i have only had a few problems with it .
by air sounds more like by truck to me .
i plan on using my macbook pro for a long time .
now for the hardware problems .
how does the power supply not work !!!
i saw this one , and i have the most difficult time trying to use them , they 've made great dust collectors , i hate putting this computer down
i highly recommend this product !
i thought the price was great for the specs .
i ordered four d620 laptops .
the 2.9 ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
it works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
i even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , ichat , photobooth , garage band and more !
" this is n't a big deal , i have n't noticed the issue with dvds or other media , only through usb output .
the feature are good enough for what i need .
premium price for the os more than anything else .
it took me a while top get away from the land of pcs , but now that i have , i ca n't see myself going back to it .
the love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
they basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
i honestly love my mac , thats why i am a self proclaimed mac addict .
i let my friend borrow it , and she knows nothing about computers , and she used it with ease .
the latest and mightiest macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of june 2009 .
it 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 watt lightbulb .
it 's wonderful for computer gaming .
i am a freelance graphic artist .
breaks easily .
they told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what i 've done .
that 's the downside for me .
i have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
i wiped nearly everything off of it , installed openoffice and firefox , and i am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
i had my pc laptop for 3 years and going to a macbook pro is like i leaped through time .
took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without .
this is basically the best laptop i have ever had or used .
the technical support was not helpful as well .
probably wo n't work either .
the price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
this is now my 3rd macbook pro and i really honestly love it !
i love the size , keyboard , the functions .
was n't sure if i was going to like it much less love it so i went to a local best buy and played around with the ios system on a mac pro and it was totally unique and different .
keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
you will not be able to talk to an american warranty service is out of country .
it meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
as a die-hard windows enthusiast , i shunned the idea of a mac until this point .
this thing is a lemon .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones / mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
its also fun to use !
i 'm pretty sure when i bought it , my bank account went ' ouch !
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
and if you are switching from a pc i highly sugest this one .
for the price and what i get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
despite the inconvenient weight , i opted for the 12 cell battery .
my life has been enriched since i have been using apple products .
probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything i ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
if i have a problem with any of my apple items i make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
they were able to set-up with laptops themselves within a few minutes .
wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have mentioned .
mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a dvd burner ( ! ) .
the difference is phenomenal .
first of all , i 've been dell fan for more than fifteen years .
she said wal mart rants and raves abouy carring dell because it 's a big name but they are a piece of garbage .
the only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
i will have to purchase spy ware or nortell for privacy protection .
that day !
the investment of a new macbook pro came at a price , but totally worth it for a good piece of mind .
in the short time of one month since the 2012 mac mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising .
everything is so easy to use , mac software is just so much simpler than microsoft software .
instead it is sitting in west virginia waiting for ups to take two days to send me a box and two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to louisville ky .
if you had pc for four years i can almost guarantee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
i 've had the macbook pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
i bought them for my college age grandchildren and these macs are totally reliable and support their class work 100 % of the time .
this laptop is insane !!!
lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
2 . the wireless card is low quality .
so of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
once again , i was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
- got it back 3 months later
they ended up keeping my computer for almost 3 months !
maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
amazing performance for anything i throw at it .
also it is light weight compared to others .
i have had the netbook for 2 months and i love it , i read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers i use .
it is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
on the twelfth day that i had the notebook , i decided to go to dell 's website and update it .
this computer is absolutely amazing !!!
it 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
i would buy this lap top over and over again !
- called machouse amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
as a user of a pc , i will will admit that the macbook pro has a better running system in which i found myself " getting the job done quicker .
asus said my netbook was working properly .
the first one i had was a 2006 model , not the pro .
have returned that laptop unused .
sony , acer , dell , packard bell and toshiba .
i have had laptops in the past and i thought why not give these small netbooks a try .
i was originally concerned that i could n't view work i had done in college on my mac because of the pc formatting , but i was even more thrilled to learn of programs like ilife and iwork that allow you to convert your pc documents into readable files on macs .
the best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once , it never slows down .
my wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections i turn on should work .
it crashes , and when it goes flat , it just dies ( like a pc , maybe worse ) and i loose all my open documents !
one bad thing is it gets hot .
yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) software - compared to the early 2011 edition i did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to apple ( which i promptly did ) .
the large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like adobe creative suite .
when i finally had everything running with all my software installed i plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
very disappointing :
as of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom , , , about 4 inches across is hardly visible .
every time i log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that i have to go through .
being only 2 months old , i am not a happy camper !
the computer is so slow , even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up .
not super fancy , but not super expensive either .
it is so great , i can hardly ever take my hands off it !
i 'm all for saving money but dell needs to step it up .
but my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
i had upgraded my old macbook to lion , so i kind of knew what i was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
for 2 months .
i called toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
very disappointed becase i have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
and the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
i 've always owned a pc and decided to try a macbook to see what it 's all about .
the exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
it did everything we expected !
i 'm using this computer for word processing , web browsing , some gaming , and i 'm learning programming .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
it 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
plus it is small and reasonably light so i can take it with me to and from work .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
i would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run ms office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , i 'd highly recommend checking this out .
* 5 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer .
my only gripe would be the need to add more ram .
i bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
i purchased it this year when my old hp laptop finally died and i was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
this is especially disheartening when apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
the guy then said that if i insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but i have to accept the condition after the " repair " .
also , the battery does not last very long at all .
the computer was two weeks late in delivery because hp forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
at home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " lcd screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
they say it could be the motherboard again , but dell
that 's quite a bump up from the $ 599 that this little guy sells for , which leaves me to my next point .
the benefits were immediate !
trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything , so i want to manage my time i do have to be the most efficient .
it was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
you just lose a customer .
this is my 3rd apple laptop and first macbook pro .
after the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
i have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer .
hp said it was out of warranty .
the apple macbook is the best investment that i have ever made .
yes , the mbp is more expensive than competing pc laptops .
great laptop that offers many great features !
i thought the white mac computers looked dirty too quickly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
the touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
i took it back to best buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
it works exactly like it did the day i took it out of the box .
i also enjoy the fact that my macbook pro laptop allows me to run windows 7 on it by using the vmware program .
also the keyboard does not light up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
i went to my local best buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
it is easy to navigate and update programs .
- estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
the sd card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
this mac does come with an extender cable and i 'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years i plan on using this mac .
i or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
the pictures are clear as can be .
i have an iphone , and ipad , so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the mini .
the screen resolution was exactly what i was looking for .
i had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
i find it not to be very user friendly .
they freeze all the time .
that 's right , no power , absolutely nothing .
i liked the aluminum body .
the mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
i am very satisfied with the mini .
now the machine wo n't connect and toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in may but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now i 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since i bought the netbook .
i ca n't even remember how i finally got it taken care of , but i was done with sony after that !
it out performs any other laptop on the market today .
the only downfall is a lot of the software i have wo n't work with mac and iwork is not worth the price of it .
very disappointed with apple .
overall : poor , features : average , performance : poor , battery life : excellent , price value : poor
it is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
i also experience the same with my macbook air .
the windows 7 starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
or the cursor would show up some place else .
this can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far .
it absolutely is more expensive than most pc laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
they are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
i 'm hoping that i can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
the keyboard is top notch .
i own other macs but always find myself navigation to the macbook pro to get my work done .
it does n't heat up like my old laptop .
the processor a amd sempron at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for hd or heavy computing .
so , you can imagine how unhappy i am with this item .
after using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
not sure on windows 8 .
i shipped out on saturday , july 17 .
the right speaker did not work .
i still see the benefits of a pc when i do not know how to do something on my mac .
honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
i can use it for all of my needs .
it is so much fun to play with .
12.44 seconds to boot .
theres always something wrong with it , wether it be some virus you ca n't track down , or it overheats , sometimes even catches on fire , you just ca n't use it .
they click .
it has served my needs quite nicely for the most part .
clearly , there is something wrong with the product and lg did n't take up the responsibility .
and the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
the touch pad is among the best .
i 'm done with windoze computers .
usb3 peripherals are noticably less expensive than the thunderbolt ones .
the only thing i dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
they 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
i think i might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
i recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it !
for some odd reasons the computer does n't recognize the operation system .
meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis .
it 's so bad that i 'm thinking i only got half a battery or something .
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were .
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco , returned it in santa maria , thinking it was just a problem with that computer .
i went from a macbook to this mac mini and this was a great upgrade !
it 's a nice little gadget .
small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
i use my friends and family 's $ 2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and hp , well , i 'll never buy or recommend an hp to anyone !
i 've had my macbook pro since august 2009 .
i have had many , many issues with pc 's in the past and i 'm finally glad to have joined the mac revolution !
my next laptop will also be a mac !
the dell inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard , which i miss on my apple laptops .
it discharges too quickly .
i bought my acer aspire custom made in june 2008 .
after numerous calls to applecare tech support , i was directed to send in my computer ;
got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
i purchased an hp right after my high school graduation .
the local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer usually even the trouble some toshiba satellite .
this is the third macbook pro in our family .
very happy .
i go to purchase it on line , and i find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
acer was no help and garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so i returned it and purchased a toshiba r700 that seems even nicer and i was able to load all of my software with no problem .
how toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
ive owned apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
the mbp i recieved was everything it should have been .
he ca n't stand it .
i also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
as usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( i could see them ) .
- they lost my laptop for a month
my first laptop was an acer that i got for christmas .
the computer was delivered as promised .
i use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
could n't keep a page up you were working on !
i 'm pleased .
it has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
i 've never had problems with viruses .
at first , i feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the mac system .
the price was very good , and the product is top quality .
i was also able to install and use my photoshop and after effects programs easily .
nice screen , keyboard works great !
i needed something affordable from apple and was tired of dealing with pc laptop after pc laptop .
but reasons we chose this apple computer .
i pondered very long over this decision .
i was even able to uninstall mcaffe and install one of my symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
i like those programs better than office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the office programs as well .
the durability of the laptop will make it worth the money .
the only thing i dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things i dont want it too , i would recommend using a mouse with it .
it really is very light compared to other computers .
i have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
lastly , windows 8 is annoying .
the fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury - when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device .
many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
you can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia .
i investigated netbooks and saw the toshiba nb305-n410bl .
sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
after about a week i finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
it 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the screen will " topple " or " slide " down , if you understand what i mean .
it was kind of a rebellion against pc in fact , and i am certainly glad i did .
the little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
i could n't afford a new mac , so i bought a pc instead .
the first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
i have the a65 - right now it 's a paperweight .
it is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
i shopped around before buying .
the macbook pro is very sturdy and versatile .
now when i order i did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard i wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when i use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
after having two pc laptops die with in the past 3 years , i was led to the apple display at best buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
it is as good as new .
i have been pc for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
i looked around and based off my price / features comparison from a brand i trusted i landed here .
my son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind , and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school .
does exactly what i bought it 4 .
while the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the pc world .
couldnt not use it .
- apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
this a starter notebook .
it is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
this computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
, which apple does n't offer , is why i bought my macbook at best buy .
the program came with the computer and works beautifully .
unfortunately , the laptop i purchased was also a dell and again , i have to say i hated it .
this is no exception .
it does n't have a lot of frills , but i did n't need any , and being able to buy what i needed , and not more than i needed was very important .
compared to similarly spec 'd pcs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
ive had to call tech support many times .
these new problems were the final straws ;
toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and i am not kidding you , i called different hours of the day and you 'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they do n't have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
however , this will be my last as well .
my power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the applecare warranty plan .
i saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from apple and i was concerned but i took my chances and am overly impressed .
it is very fast and has everything that i need except for a word program .
probably the worst decision we ever made !
i am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
i would recommend not buying this product .
buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old mac .
i bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
this wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
if you need an affordable , entry-level laptop , this will fit the bill .
i dual boot with linux and that other security-prone os and it performs flawlessly .
also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
hp is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
i bought my first macbook after seeing the product demonstrated .
hopefully amazon will take this back .
they are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
when my dell laptop gave up only after 2-1/2 years , i decided to buy macbook pro .
i received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping .
it super shiny , so you can see the fingerprints easily .
this is what they told me : it heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
i took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
i am sorry that i purchased this laptop .
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
i now own another hewlett packard .
its fast and another thing i like is that it has three usb ports .
i love the glass touchpad .
being a pc user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the os of a mac but i 'm finding my way around .
good for every day computing and web browsing .
english must have been his third or fourth language .
the macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
you better believe my next computer will be a mac !
for the same price , you get a lot more in the asus .... 1920x1080 res .
the advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
there were small problems with mac office .
it will be returned in the state to which it was shipped michigan .
seems to me that 's the best way to get apple 's attention .
by week two , my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though i did not use it too much .
note , however , that any existing magsafe accessories you have will not work with the magsafe 2 connection .
there is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
they replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
i ordered through macmall , which saved me the sales tax i would have incurred buying locally .
the apple mc371ll/a 2.4 ghz 15.4-inch macbook pro notebook is a horrible waste of money .
so i called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , i just chose to hide the message .
hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
i ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
first things first , macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
this machine was a horrible experience .
the apple systems are over priced luxurys that are n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
there is nothing better .
i think this ps was manufactured in the mid 90 's .
i love apple but unlike others that does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
i will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
i definitely will buy a mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
i love my apple , it is quick and easy to use .
it has everything you need to get the job done .
the computer itself was fast , ran smoothly , and had no problems .
i currently own a lenovo laptop as well as my new macbook pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
i would buy one of these for every person in my office if i could .
the case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
whenever i call dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if i 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
i could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
and the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
there is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
i did not have to call the support line at all .
i upgraded the memory and replaced the base windows 7 starter to win 7 home , and it runs just fine .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
there is no hdmi receptacle , nor is there an sd card slot located anywhere on the device .
you will not regret buying this computer !
if you have the money i suggest going for the i7 .
so i 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
its a good laptop for its value .
overall for the money this is a good deal .
it turned out it 's not really a problem to have a mac .
of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
never any doubt i would get a macbook , just was n't sure which one .
once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
we used pc products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing .
will not buy another toshiba , this is my second , not happy w / either .
we figure that after everything his pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original mac .
this laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
it is everything that i would want in a computer .
a tip for people looking into this computer : do not buy it save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
it seems to be incompatible with everything else .
they also use two totally different operating systems .
we upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
do not buy you will be disappointed .
the graphics are great .
the best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a significant amount off the price .
the display is beyond horrible .
the battery gets so hot it is scary .
every day i had this computer , something failed on it .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously right after i bought this one .
your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
do n't get me wrong , i am no microsoft hater , i 've just managed to turn into a much bigger apple fan because of this machine .
so , i 'm cooled on mac buys .
it 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
i would recommend to any one looking for a first class computer !
dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
i 've owned every " pro " model apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is by far the worst one i 've ever had .
this hardware seems to be better than the imac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
they are about the same size keys .
c'mon , lg .
the operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
do not buy gateway computers they are junk and the warranty company is horrible .
i bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since .
page just disappeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
there are several programs for school or office use ( pages , numbers , keynote , etc. ) , music ( garageband ) , photo management ( photo booth , iphoto ) , video-editing or movie-making ( imovie ) , etc .
it 's super fast and a great value for the price !
i hope to edit this in the next few hours , i am going to try to install my own copy of windows 7 .
i had static in the output , and i had to reduce the sound output quality to " fm " as opposed to the default " cd .
until i bought the dell , i thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
frustrated i hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
almost 4 years ago i bought what was then the current , up to date hp pavilion -- if i recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
i have three words : piece of junk !
i 've only had it one day , but i really do love it and i 'm happy it was economical and i 'm finally able to own a mac !
( for those old enough to remember , it is similar to beta versus vhs .
if you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up .
i work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
good in every aspect .
this is my first apple laptop .
the final cut pro on this laptop is so fast and easy , and i can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
the battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
but , like i said before , the only reason i do n't currently have a mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
then only four months later , my great macbook pro failed .
i bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop .
it has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
it had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
my wireless system would not recognize windows 7 and i could n't get online to find out why .
there are no gold key numbers to install programs , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
but with a way bigger screen , and is able to connect to an hdmi .
and windows 7 works like a charm .
i am definitely sold , and not going back to pcs for home use !
this little netbook is helping me get work done !
and toshiba is totally unconcerned .
the big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
this was my first macbook purchase ever .
another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
would like more trendy , high tech features .
i was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
i took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it .
not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
so , after apple replaced the hard drive i enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
i tell everyone i see out looking to get this or another toshiba .
i think that was a great decision to buy
no laptop is perfect , but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you .
using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
so this was great for me .
1 . you can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does not support that function ) .
the computer is a dream come true .
i hate the display screen and i have done everything i could do the change it .
the problem i had with this unit was unresolvable .
we now own two of these , identical .
not to mention , the battery life is absolutely amazing .
i want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
the speakers could have been better but it was n't a deal breaker ... this is a great little laptop ... love it !
also kinda loud when the fan was running .
i would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
i was so happy with my new mac .
i 'm so happy with my macbook pro !
other thoughts : received replacement 16 days later .
speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
on 3 july 2004 , i purchased this model at best buy for about $ 150
unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
the macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
we decided we would try to trade-in our old ones .
also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the " star wars " saga .
with the needs of a professional photographer i generally need to keep up with the best specs .
- when i started worrying for not hearing anything from them , i tried to call .
all was well .
the backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
the reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my documents folder .
i previously owned an hp desktop and a dell laptop .
the feel of this is better than the toshiba , too .
-4 ram slots , 2 hdd bays * , 16gb ram support - no wireless issues , at least for me .
excellent product for the money .
they are not .
i needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason i did n't purchase a mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase pcs .
easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks .
i called toshiba where i gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards .
i returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
yes , i have it on the highest available setting .
it 's the mid 2012 version .
then to make matters worst , there is noone that they can transfer you to .
here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
while it was highly rated , would i like it ? i tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
the processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
i also made a recovery usb stick .
well designed and fast .
be safe buy a sony .
the processor is very quick and effective as i load webpages and applications .
the battery life has not decreased since i bought it , so i 'm thrilled with that .
it was over rated !
we purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive hp needed to be repaired .
i bought it to use in college and it is perfect .
it makes a great gift .
ease of use is just one of the benefits i love about my mac .
i 'm so glad i purchased a mac and not another pc !!!
all you get is a box and a computer .
not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
me and my boyfriend bought the gateway nv78 in nov of 09 .
i did not like my acer .
then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
avoid this model .
a little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
also , because of the size and consistency of the laptop computer , some websites would n't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems .
thank god for " ctrl z " bottom line , i 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
the processor screams , and because of the unique way that apple osx 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
the screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
at first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and i send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later i then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now i have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
but as time went on i found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
he said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue .
to be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
this worked just fine .
i claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
this computer is the ideal college companion .
the latest version does not have a disc drive .
however i chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
* 6th week * - they are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit ...
i ' v spent as much for shipping as i would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand .
apple care included .
i bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months if it is overload with updates the boot mgr .
as well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
i finally own a piece of computing equipment that i do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
a cheaper price should not equal a " cheap " product .
it 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the macbook pro spectrum , easily capable of running starcraft ii and other games with comparable graphics .
i 'm no regular customer i hate wasting my time with hellos and how can i help you 's .
i believe this is because i was more active than the average user , meaning i average about three " tabs " .
before i bought my new i5 , i did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for hp to apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
they gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
my house is now 100 % macbook .
this is my first computer purchase
i run dreamweaver , final cut pro 7 , photoshop , safari , firefox , msn messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
i really like the size and i 'm a fan of the acers .
even so , i like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where i can dual boot windows .
this was a gift for my grand son .
with awesome graphics and assuring security , it 's perfect !
if that is the case , then i am completely happy
it 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger macbook pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
the second issue i had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
it blue screened on me without any warning , running simply basic chrome .
i was taught to use photoshop and was amazed .
runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
my trackpad is not working .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
after much battling with hp i was able to return it 4 times for repairs .
apparently well built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 macbook pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
see when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it .
after numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in bios setup directly ) , i gave up ( i am a techie ) .
was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? probably not ever again .
buyers beware .
great investment !
it still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
no cd rom in the new version there 's no way i 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
i got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
i love the mac so much better than my work pc !
with today 's company fighting over market share , its a shame that asus can get away with the inept staff answering the phone .
it is easy to use , good quality and good price .
i did n't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice .
the mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average pc , but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use .
returned it .
i was given a mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
i also liked the glass screen .
i considered i may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
price and purpose is awesome !
what a mistake !
recommended to people as their first laptop .
nothing about it that i do n't love , apple always makes a great product .
i connect a lacie 2big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for time machine .
otherwise , i love it !
i bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode .
mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
little short on ram but you get what you pay for .
if anything , i would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
they replaced it and so far so good .
it is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
returning this as soon as i get out of work
so needless to day , i 'm not happy .
i use it now more than i even thought i would .
another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
with the upgraded memory , the macbook pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
apparently they 're not special anymore .
all in all , i 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with hp as a whole .
i could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
beta had better quality , but vhs became the industry standard .
it is the perfect size and speed for me .
came fully loaded - good .
it is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
the battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
while most people say that pcs hold functionality and value and macs are just pretty to look at , i think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of macs .
apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
since i purchased my toshiba netbook , i have been very pleased with it , i have a laptop and a desktop .
the only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but i expected that .
i do n't really have a complaint .
- complied to their protocol , called number , made " case " , got an email address to send complaint .
i should have bought one a long time ago .
i bought it from hsn because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
you have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
i have only had pcs with windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
laptop is to be used like a netbook .
apple and guess what , you have to send the whole laptop in , too bad , so sad
because it is a defective product .
hp said i had done the damage .
but the macbook is the best !
it 's like 9 pounds , but if you can look past it , it 's great !
finally , i could n't take it anymore and ordered my apple .
the hewitt packard pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop , before this i had a dell desktop that i loved .
however , you have to adjust yourself to what it will do , not what you want it to do .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
a great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
i should have kept my big , old hp .
my previous purchases were with dell and hp .
my one complaint is that there was no internal cd drive .
pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
the image is great , and the sound is excellent .
this computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
very powerful especially for the money .
i spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare .
delivery was early too .
i was having a though time deciding between the 13 " macbook air or the macbook pro 13 " ( both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
it is extremely fast and very compact .
the paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
and , if you are going to deal with hp be careful .
it is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on pc 's .
so you out of of notebook and money .
needless to say , not too happy with the product .
best buy rocks !
it started out getting hot after only a few months .
i reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
three weeks after i bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
my macbook pro is no exception .
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
gave phone number .
put a ssd and use a 21 " led screen , this set up is silky smooth !
still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
the device speaks about it self .
this notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
i bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of limited .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
if you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
still pretty pricey , but i 've been putting off money for a while as a little macbook fund , and finally got to use it .
on my powerbook g4 i would never use the trackpad i would use an external mouse because i did n't like the trackpad .
next , most acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
system is running great .
, applications respond immediately ( not like the tired ms applications ) .
it quit working within a weeks time .
with windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must .
i never had this kind of quality issue with dell ( not to say dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
but with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
the macbook pro is the premier choice for college students .
and now i am a proud macbook owner also !
i never have had a good result with this computer .
the cool thing about the mac book was that i went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iphone , then i came back and put them onto my macbook and made a pretty good dvd movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one .
overall , i experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old pc .
i was informed that i need to call some 0900 number first .
the battery is not as shown in the product photos .
i got this at an amazing price from amazon and it arrived just in time .
it has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
the only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets , and rather quickly too .
the whole experience is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop .
however the frozen screens kept happening .
but there 's this application called boot camp which allows you to add another os x like windows .
very satisfied .
this is starting off good .
i was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
with what i do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
if this is an improvement in customer service then i would hate too see what it was before !
he has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
it has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
again , i sent it off to acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvenient because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
this laptop is a 100 times better than a chromebook !
with what i paid for this computer it should have had everything on it .
the machine is speedy and efficient .
the 13 " macbook pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to ca this is the best price we can get for a great product .
i do not know for sure .
the display is awesome .
the mouse is way way way too sensitive .
it has worked fine .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon - cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - otd !
i 'm new - just switched from years of pc frustration .
it looks and feels solid , with a flawless finish .
i ca n't imagine ever buying a pc again !
great product by apple with the new great looking design .
while there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down , this occurs far less frequently than on pc computers and laptops that i 've used .
i previously owned a toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
do i like the computer ? well , other than not getting viruses , i guess it is ok .
and that probably explains why i 've already had my sata controller go bad within a year of buying it .
a second problem involves the battery which is advertised as having a storage life of 11 hours but when fully charged shows only 7 hours of service .
there is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
there are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
there are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a windows computer .
however , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
it is much faster than my desktop which is a core2 quad running at 2.83 ghz .
i did swap out the hard drive for a samsung 830 ssd which i highly recommend .
i am not much of a computer techie , so i can understand some of the internal problems , though i do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
the sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results .
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
it was a tough choice .
then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the macbook pro .
my mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary .
i bought a logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the mbp , but i use the touchpad 90 % of the time .
if you ask me , for this price it should be included .
purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
apple hit a home run here .
it seems to have some options that are installed but do not work like i thought they would .
i also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
itunes is a handy music management program , and it is essential for anyone with an ipod .
very annoying .
can never go wrong with apple products .
but guess what ? ( you have to buy an external dvd drive it does n't have a built in type ) the notebook ca n't be used because it does n't read anything for an external drive .
three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ' few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
ok first .
was a great deal i will give that .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
but i 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
the machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
i do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when i have pop ups blocked ) , i do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all i can run all the web programming software i need to use all at once without slowing me down .
i would highly recommend this one to my friends
it has a faster processor and more ram .
moving from a pc to mac has never been easier , and i 'm glad that i did it .
well , i have to say since i bought my mac , i wo n't ever go back to any windows .
the new operating system makes this computer into a super ipad .
i love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the laptop in the sky !!
keyboard good sized and easy to use .
also is portable and reliable .
2 ) blue screen first month
but it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future .
and not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
it is truly a desktop replacement .
however , there are major issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
the machine itself is alright .
the battery is really long .
so , owing to these problems , i went out and got myself an apple macbook pro , which i am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
the unibody design is edgy and durable .
since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
summary : dont buy hp .
very nice unibody construction .
the last new mac i bought was in 1998 .
it 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
this is my second macbook pro and it 's better than ever .
i love this piece of equipment , it will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a macbook pro .
i might have read it incorrectly , but better safe than sorry right ?
nothing wrong with this computer at all !
boot time is super fast , around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute .
it is everything i 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
for me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
it may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
it 's also fairly easy to use the operating system .
easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
i love to use it it is easy and light .
but it has a major design flaw .
the battery has never worked well .
keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
we 'll save our money to replace it with a mac again !
they do n't translate from a mac , even on word , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
you may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
in all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
the apple applications ( ex . iphoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
i saw the mini mac at best buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
i bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design .
not good for a person who gets online daily .
it really is perfect for work and play .
fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
the computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening word or my computer .
no waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
i like the mini mac it was easy to setup and install , but i am learning as i go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features i was use to on the pc especially the right mouse click menu .
it also came with a built it web cam which is great because i can see an communicate with my family members back home .
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
this mac mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its mac os 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
i personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
before i got my macbook , i owned a dell laptop .
but , buy this model and just purchase 4gb of ram ( 2x2gb for $ 92 or 1x4gb for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8gb of ram .
very very disappointed !
if you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
i had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
i do n't have that additional money right now , and therefore would n't have purchased it at this time .
i am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
every driver on the drivers/applications dvd is everything you will need for a reload .
but the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
i will never again buy another acer , not will i buy gateway , or emachine as they are all from the same company .
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
i would say that 85 % of the design industry is mac for good reason .
the os takes some getting used to especially after being a windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
i like the laptop overall .
the battery life is amazing , the versatility is outstanding .
numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until i got the blue screen of death and had to send the pc back to hp .
i have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
when typing , letters and spaces are frequently omitted requiring the user to redo many words and sentences .
it is the best laptop ever !!!
he left me , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
i was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
heck , i like all mac computers , but they 're all way too pricey for the kind of economy the u.s. is going through .
they sent out a sony ' certified ' technician .
wonderful zooming .
exactly as posted plus a great value .
i came from the dell laptops and now i am so glad i switched when i needed a new laptop .
i was not aware that this product can not display websites that contain flash .
quality display i was surprised with the performance and quality of this hp laptop .
i worked in it retail sales before .
the ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
it had most of the features and all of the power that i wanted to replace my desktop machine .
have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
dells are ok , hps are n't that good , but macs are fantastic .
no problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
and mine had broke but i sent it in under warranty - no problems .
this was a great deal for a decked out macbook pro .
i have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
for the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
this was purchased for my daughter and i was pleasantly surprised .
i would definitely not go back to using a pc after using the mac .
it was also cheaper than the pro which made it even more appealing to me .
i now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a windows laptop .
it 's been a couple weeks since the purchase and i 'm struggle with finding the correct keys ( but that was expected ) .
i 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
the bottom-line is that this laptop just is n't worth it .
the letter a stopped working after the first week .
the much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
the capabilities using that program alone made me want a mac .
ilife is easily compatible with microsoft office so you can send and receive files from a pc .
i took the laptop home and not even a month later , i began to have problems with it .
i fell in love with my machine , and it was pampered .
because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
the new macbook pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing .
toshiba will not acknowledge this problem .
the screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
you know what ? i happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the bukit batok polyclinic nhg pharmacy a week ago .
so glad i decided to upgrade !
i love my new computer !
having a mac certainly makes life easier .
web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
this is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
instead , i 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which mac to buy .
it 's not like i have used for half a year and then complained about it .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
i thought it would be a simple job .
it is a real touchpad , not the toy i saw in other brands .
i decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for xmas .
if you have to ask you do n't own a mac and your just not in the know .
also , the extended warranty was a problem .
it was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
the sound is nice and loud ; i do n't have any problems with hearing anything .
